<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>Web and TV IG - Media APIs TF &ndash; 02 April 2014</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/member.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/member.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/member-minutes.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>&ndash; DRAFT &ndash;<br>
Web and TV IG - Media APIs TF</h1>
<h2>02 April 2014</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-web-and-tv/2014Apr/0000.html"><img alt="Agenda." title="Agenda" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/chronometer.png"></a>
<a href="http://www.w3.org/2014/04/02-webtv-irc"><img alt="IRC log." title="IRC log" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/text-plain.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>Alexander, Bin, Daniel, Giri, Kaz, Wook</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>-</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>-</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>Daniel, ddavis</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t01">Review action item and issues</a></li>
<li><a href="#t02">Media APIs requirements</a></li>
<li><a href="#t03">2nd iteration of use-cases/requirements</a></li>
<li><a href="#t04">Possible &quot;Tuner API&quot; CG</a></li>
<li class=app><a href="#ActionSummary">Summary of action items</a></li>
<li class=app><a href="#ResolutionSummary">Summary of resolutions</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section><p id=x023 class=irc><cite>&lt;aldafu&gt;</cite> aldafu=alex</p>
<p id=x046 class=irc><cite>&lt;Bin_Hu&gt;</cite> Hi, sorry I am late</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t01>Review action item and issues</h3>
<p id=x061 class="phone s01"><cite>Kaz:</cite> There's been a problem with the tracker (access is blocked). The sysadmins are looking into it but it's not fixed yet.</p>
<p id=x062 class=irc><cite>&lt;kaz&gt;</cite> <a href="http://www.w3.org/2014/02/19-webtv-minutes.html">Feb. 19 minutes</a></p>
<p id=x063 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> We can try to look at the action items recorded in the Feb 19 call minutes.</p>
<p id=x064 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> We can close issue 187</p>
<p id=x065 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Next is issue 189 - accessibility guidelines. This is also closed as I added a general requirement</p>
<p id=x066 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> Daniel and I had actions to create wiki pages.</p>
<p id=x067 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> Maybe mine was 184 and Daniel's was 185</p>
<p id=x068 class=irc><cite>&lt;aldafu&gt;</cite> <a href="http://www.w3.org/2011/webtv/track/actions/open">http://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;2011/&zwnj;webtv/&zwnj;track/&zwnj;actions/&zwnj;open</a></p>
<p id=x069 class="phone s03"><cite>aldafu:</cite> I can see the action items.</p>
<p id=x070 class="phone s04"><cite>ddavis:</cite> It's visible if you log out (or open in another browser)</p>
<p id=x071 class=irc><cite>&lt;kaz&gt;</cite> [ interesting situation... ]</p>
<p id=x072 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Issue 182: Discuss with jc, bin about the details of how to create the cg</p>
<p id=x073 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> We discussed this and we can go ahead by proposing a new community group (CG)</p>
<p id=x074 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> The question is who would be the chair and what would be the name of the group</p>
<p id=x075 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Can we close it?</p>
<p id=x076 class=irc><cite>&lt;kaz&gt;</cite> close action 182</p>
<p id=x077 class=irc><cite>&lt;kaz&gt;</cite> close action-182</p>
<p id=x078 class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> Error closing: could not connect to Tracker.  Please mail &lt;sysreq@w3.org&gt; with details about what happened.</p>
<p id=x079 class=irc><cite>&lt;kaz&gt;</cite> [ we'll close action 182, 184, 185, 187, 189 later ]</p>
<p id=x082 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Outstanding issues are 186 and 188 which are assigned to Giuseppe (not here) so we'll leave these open.</p>
<p id=x083 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> So the wiki page Kaz created is just a place holder? No input or use cases yet?</p>
<p id=x084 class=irc><cite>&lt;kaz&gt;</cite> <a href="https://www.w3.org/2011/webtv/wiki/New_Ideas">new idea wiki</a></p>
<p id=x085 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> right. I thought we could add one topic - audio fingerprinting - which was discussed on the mailing list a while ago.</p>
<p id=x086 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> The page itself is a placeholder and I've added a template.</p>
<p id=x087 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Is this a standalone page?</p>
<p id=x088 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> It's linked from the main page.</p>
<p id=x089 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> If you prefer, I can link to it from the Media TF page.</p>
<p id=x090 class=summary><a href="https://www.w3.org/2011/webtv/wiki/Media_APIs/Tuner_API">https://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;2011/&zwnj;webtv/&zwnj;wiki/&zwnj;Media_APIs/&zwnj;Tuner_API</a></p>
<p id=x091 class="phone s04"><cite>ddavis:</cite> This page is linked to from the Media APIs TF page.</p>
<p id=x092 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Let's leave it there for now.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t02>Media APIs requirements</h3>
<p id=x094 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Next is to look at and approve the gap analysis note.</p>
<p id=x095 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> I asked Giuseppe to create a page which he has done.</p>
<p id=x096 class=irc><cite>&lt;kaz&gt;</cite> <a href="http://webandtv.github.io/mediatf-notes/mediareq.html">Media API requirements</a></p>
<p id=x098 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> We haven't seen any comments on the mailing list so can we approve this or do we need more time?</p>
<p id=x104 class="phone s04"><cite>ddavis:</cite> We did have some feedback a while ago, I think?</p>
<p id=x105 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> Maybe we can record our approval in this call and the see what the remaining people think through mail.</p>
<p id=x106 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Yes, if we approve it then allow another one or two weeks to see if there are further comments by mail.</p>
<p id=x107 class="phone s04"><cite>ddavis:</cite> +1</p>
<p id=x108 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> So I'll write a mail to see what people on the mailing list think.</p>
<p id=x109 class="phone s04"><cite>ddavis:</cite> Any comments about this note?</p>
<p id=r01 class=resolution><strong>Resolution:</strong> &quot;Requirements from the Media API TF&quot; note approved by meeting attendees.</p>
<p id=x114 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> So I think we've finished the administrative bits.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t03>2nd iteration of use-cases/requirements</h3>
<p id=x119 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> In the coming schedule we have the end of this month (April) as the last chance to submit a use-case.</p>
<p id=x120 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> We have no use-cases so I wonder if the schedule is too tight.</p>
<p id=x122 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Maybe we can adjust the date from end of April to end of May.<br>
<span id=x123>… Then we'll have another two conference calls before the end of June to finalise the list.</span></p>
<p id=x124 class="phone s04"><cite>ddavis:</cite> Maybe we can make it clearer to all people in the TV IG that we're looking for more use cases.</p>
<p id=x125 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Yes, the chairs told me they want to make the Media API calls open to more people in the group.</p>
<p id=x126 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> So we can give more time and higher quality use cases.</p>
<p id=x127 class="phone s04"><cite>ddavis:</cite> It might be good to also clarify how to submit use cases (e.g. by email, through a web form, etc.)</p>
<p id=x128 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Ideally people should use the template that Kaz has made.</p>
<p id=x129 class=summary><a href="https://www.w3.org/2011/webtv/wiki/New_Ideas">https://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;2011/&zwnj;webtv/&zwnj;wiki/&zwnj;New_Ideas</a></p>
<p id=x130 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> But if it's just a one-liner then we can add it for consideration in the conference call.</p>
<p id=x134 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> We can then decide whether to write a more detailed description of the use case or if it's out of scope.</p>
<p id=a01 class=action><strong>Action:</strong> Bin Hu to add information in the wiki about submitting use cases</p>
<p id=x136 class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> Created ACTION-190 - Hu to add information in the wiki about submitting use cases [on Bin Hu - due 2014-04-09].</p>
<p id=a02 class=action><strong>Action:</strong> Bin Hu to send mail about submitting a new use case</p>
<p id=x140 class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> Error creating an ACTION: could not connect to Tracker.  Please mail &lt;sysreq@w3.org&gt; with details about what happened.</p>
<p id=x151 class=irc><cite>&lt;aldafu&gt;</cite> i can</p>
<p id=x154 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> So we can accept use cases in two formats</p>
<p id=x157 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> And I'll change the deadline from end of April to end of May</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t04>Possible &quot;Tuner API&quot; CG</h3>
<p id=x159 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> How many people do you need for a Community Group, Kaz?</p>
<p id=x161 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> 5<br>
<span id=x162>… Theoretically you don't need a detailed charter but it's better to have a good description.</span></p>
<p id=x166 class="phone s03"><cite>aldafu:</cite> Can we see how many companies are interested already?</p>
<p id=x167 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> It depends on the level of support.</p>
<p id=x169 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> AT&amp;T and Opera seem to be interested. Maybe Qualcomm and ETRI as well.</p>
<p id=x171 class="phone s05"><cite>gmandyam:</cite> Qualcomm Innovation Center would be interested in this. One concern is that whatever comes out of this group could be too late to make it into tech such as HbbTV.</p>
<p id=x172 class="phone s05"><cite>gmandyam:</cite> Can we get some commitment from the other SDOs to support the output of this CG?</p>
<p id=x173 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> So we need a WG instead at some point?</p>
<p id=x174 class="phone s05"><cite>gmandyam:</cite> Yes, but you don't have a lot of time.</p>
<p id=x177 class="phone s05"><cite>gmandyam:</cite> HbbTV, for example, have progressed well with their own spec.</p>
<p id=x178 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> We need to move quickly if we want it to be adopted.</p>
<p id=x180 class="phone s03"><cite>aldafu:</cite> As I understand it, the HbbTV spec is based on the OIPF spec, right?</p>
<p id=x181 class="phone s05"><cite>gmandyam:</cite> Yes, but it also leverages some tech from W3C.</p>
<p id=x183 class="phone s05"><cite>gmandyam:</cite> But the Tuner API is more specific so they may not be expecting much from W3C.</p>
<p id=x184 class="phone s03"><cite>aldafu:</cite> Mozilla also has an interest to bring Firefox OS to TV so they would need something like this.</p>
<p id=x186 class=irc><cite>&lt;Zakim&gt;</cite> kaz, you wanted to suggest we ask HbbTV guys to join the CG</p>
<p id=x187 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> I think we should invite HbbTV guys and other SDOs to the community group. It doesn't require W3C membership, by the way.</p>
<p id=x188 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> That's a good idea.</p>
<p id=x189 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Who would be able to contact the HbbTV participants?</p>
<p id=x190 class="phone s03"><cite>aldafu:</cite> I can ask a colleague who's involved with this.</p>
<p id=x191 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> So you could start with Louay and Stephan. We could also ask Jon Piesing.</p>
<p id=x192 class="phone s04"><cite>ddavis:</cite> For the record, they're already aware of our interest in this as it was discussed in the TV workshop.</p>
<p id=x193 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> From our perspective, which company is willing to drive this?</p>
<p id=x194 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Or should we wait until the next call when we have a wider group of people involved?</p>
<p id=x195 class="phone s04"><cite>ddavis:</cite> We could send a mail quickly asking for people who are willing to drive it and then see if there are others in the next call when we can decide.</p>
<p id=a03 class=action><strong>Action:</strong> Bin Hu to send mail to TV IG asking for volunteers to drive the &quot;Tuner API&quot; initiative.</p>
<p id=x197 class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> Created ACTION-191 - Hu to send mail to tv ig asking for volunteers to drive the &quot;tuner api&quot; initiative. [on Bin Hu - due 2014-04-09].</p>
<p id=x198 class="phone s04"><cite>ddavis:</cite> We should make it clear that &quot;Tuner API&quot; is just a placeholder name - not decided yet.</p>
<p id=x199 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> I think there are three issues: Name, Scope, Chair</p>
<p id=x200 class="phone s03"><cite>aldafu:</cite> Let me add some name ideas: TV Control API, TV Channel API, Channel Control API</p>
<p id=x201 class="phone s03"><cite>aldafu:</cite> I agree, Tuner API doesn't really make sense</p>
<p id=x202 class="phone s04"><cite>ddavis:</cite> Some people may not like having &quot;TV&quot; in the name, so that it's for the wider web and not TV specifically.</p>
<p id=x203 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Maybe &quot;Channel Control API&quot; is a more logical concept.</p>
<p id=x204 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> Also &quot;Media Selection&quot; is possible</p>
<p id=x205 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Anything else to add?</p>
<p id=x206 class=summary>(silence)</p>
<p id=x207 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> OK, we're done for today, ahead of schedule.</p>
<p id=x208 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> The next meeting could be at a wider level for more participation hopefully.</p>
<p id=x209 class="phone s02"><cite>Bin_Hu:</cite> Thank you for your help and support. See you next time.</p>
<p id=x219 class=irc><cite>&lt;kaz&gt;</cite> [ adjourned ]</p>
<p id=a04 class=action><strong>Action:</strong> Bin Hu to send mail about submitting a new use case</p>
<p id=x221 class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> Error creating an ACTION: could not connect to Tracker.  Please mail &lt;sysreq@w3.org&gt; with details about what happened.</p>
</section>
</main>

<div id=ActionSummary>
<h2>Summary of action items</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#a01">Bin Hu to add information in the wiki about submitting use cases</a></li>
<li><a href="#a02">Bin Hu to send mail about submitting a new use case</a></li>
<li><a href="#a03">Bin Hu to send mail to TV IG asking for volunteers to drive the &quot;Tuner API&quot; initiative.</a></li>
<li><a href="#a04">Bin Hu to send mail about submitting a new use case</a></li>
</ol>
</div>

<div id=ResolutionSummary>
<h2>Summary of resolutions</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#r01">&quot;Requirements from the Media API TF&quot; note approved by meeting attendees.</a></li>
</ol>
</div>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 113 (Sat Mar  7 01:13:06 2020 UTC).</address>

<div class=diagnostics>
<h2>Diagnostics</h2>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/cloe/close/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/latter/later/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: i/Next is/topic: Media APIs requirements/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/resolution:/RESOLUTION:/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/maade/made/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/we should create the CG?/we need a WG instead at some point?/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/light/late/</p>
<p class=warning>Maybe present: aldafu, Bin_Hu, ddavis, gmandyam</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
