<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>HTML Working Group face-to-face meeting &ndash; 08 April 2014</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/team.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/team.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/team-minutes.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-team.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>&ndash; DRAFT &ndash;<br>
HTML Working Group face-to-face meeting</h1>
<h2>08 April 2014</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="http://www.w3.org/2014/04/08-html-wg-irc"><img alt="IRC log." title="IRC log" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/text-plain.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>Adrian, Arnaud, Bob, Cynthia, Eliot, Erika, Glenn, Jay, Joe, Kris, Maciej, MarkS, MarkV, Mike, Paul, Plh, Robin, Sam, Tantek, Ted, Xiaoqian, zqzhang</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>John Jansen, Mark Watson</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>Paul and Sam</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>cyns, cyns_, krisk, nick, plh</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ul>
<li><a href="#meeting">Meeting minutes</a>
<ol>
<li><a href="#x01">Agenda bashing</a></li>
<li><a href="#x02">Canvas 2D Level 1</a></li>
<li><a href="#x04">DOM4 LC results</a></li>
<li><a href="#x08">HTML 5.0 status and time table, testing results</a></li>
<li><a href="#x10">DataCue discussion</a></li>
<li><a href="#x11">HTML WG culture and participation and divergence from WHATWG specs</a></li>
<li><a href="#x12">Other spec updates - Extension specs, Polyglot and Image Description LC status</a></li>
<li><a href="#x13">HTML 5.1</a></li>
<li><a href="#x14">Datetime input timezone issues</a></li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><a href="#ActionSummary">Summary of action items</a></li>
</ul>
</nav>
</div>

<div id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section></section>

<section>
<h3 id=x01>Agenda bashing</h3>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> we have 9-10:15, 10:30- 12, 1-3, 3:15-5</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> we were approached for fixed timeslot on Wednesday 2pm<br>
â€¦ from the IAB</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> Wednesday morning is EME and MSE<br>
â€¦ from 9:00-12:00<br>
â€¦ some of them will phone in tomorrow<br>
â€¦ we'll to send a reminder for how to connect<br>
â€¦ David Darwin sent a detailed list of outstanding bugs<br>
â€¦ <a href="http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-html-media/2014Apr/0051.html">http://&zwnj;lists.w3.org/&zwnj;Archives/&zwnj;Public/&zwnj;public-html-media/&zwnj;2014Apr/&zwnj;0051.html</a><br>
â€¦ we'll start with MSE, then do EME<br>
â€¦ [Paul going through the list]<br>
â€¦ <a href="http://w3c.github.io/html/test-results/less-than-2.html">http://&zwnj;w3c.github.io/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;test-results/&zwnj;less-than-2.html</a><br>
â€¦ for date/time, we'll wait for Tantek</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>Robin:</cite> would be good to have Travis for those</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> Travis is away...</p>
<p class="phone s03"><cite>Adrian:</cite> I've got some note from him, would need input from i18n folks</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> [continuing through the list]</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> [trying to collect data on agenda items length]</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>Robin:</cite> 15 minutes for DOM4 update</p>
<p class="phone s04"><cite>Mark:</cite> 15 minutes for Canvas2D CR</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> anything to do on canvas2d level 2?</p>
<p class="phone s05"><cite>Jay:</cite> nothing to discuss on level 2 today</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> one hour + timeslot for testing, norm references, featurs at risk</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> datetime depends on Tantek<br>
â€¦ also for divergence item<br>
â€¦ I'll give that a 30 minutes slot<br>
â€¦ Other specs: (extensions and LCs) 30 minutes<br>
â€¦ (changing to 90 minutes for HTML 5.0)<br>
â€¦ HTML 5.1 (60 minutes)<br>
â€¦ let's start with DOM4 and Canvas2D<br>
â€¦ {Paul edits the agenda]<br>
â€¦ HTML 5.0 from 10:30 to 12:00 today<br>
â€¦ divergence and WG culture and participation at 13:00-14:00<br>
â€¦ 14:00-15:00 for other specs (extensions and LC)<br>
â€¦ 15:15 to 16:15 for HTML 5.1<br>
â€¦ 16:15 to 17:00 is overflow<br>
â€¦ [folks should reload the agenda page]<br>
â€¦ tomorrow at 1pm for datetime item<br>
â€¦ tomorrow might be overflow for HTML 5.0 discussion<br>
â€¦ at 3pm</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=x02>Canvas 2D Level 1</h3>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> lots of the heavy lifting has been done already, but let's get an update<br>
â€¦ we have <a href="http://tinyurl.com/pjbhuj3">http://&zwnj;tinyurl.com/&zwnj;pjbhuj3</a><br>
â€¦ <a href="http://tinyurl.com/o6xb946">http://&zwnj;tinyurl.com/&zwnj;o6xb946</a><br>
â€¦ zero bugs outstanding</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc&gt;</cite> waves</p>
<p class="phone s04"><cite>Mark:</cite> back in september, we looked at the CR document<br>
â€¦ some things were missing<br>
â€¦ focus ring and hit region<br>
â€¦ focus is critical for keyboard user<br>
â€¦ and hit region for a11y api<br>
â€¦ so we formed a subgroup<br>
â€¦ we made progress on a weekly basis<br>
â€¦ we tried to achieve both<br>
â€¦ drawFocusIfNeeded<br>
â€¦ once we finished that, Mozilla attempted to implement and didn't like the approach<br>
â€¦ so we worked ona hit region based solution<br>
â€¦ was a rather complicated section of the spec<br>
â€¦ Mozilla demonstrated a quick prototype<br>
â€¦ we reduced hit regions to something easy to implement<br>
â€¦ while maintaining forward compatibility<br>
â€¦ and we're in a good shape</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc&gt;</cite> Open Canvas2D CR Bugs - CR keyword - zero bugs <a href="http://tinyurl.com/pjbhuj3">http://&zwnj;tinyurl.com/&zwnj;pjbhuj3</a></p>
<p class="phone s04"><cite>Mark:</cite> a few clarifications to make, will go over them with Jay today<br>
â€¦ so should be able to move to LC next week</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> plan is to take it back to LC<br>
â€¦ 4 weeks<br>
â€¦ disclosure is a long pole<br>
â€¦ won't be able to move to PR within 60 days<br>
â€¦ we don't expect substantive comments on the LC<br>
â€¦ current CR had several at risk features<br>
â€¦ we got rid of them through a bug<br>
â€¦ so adding the hit region material. they have at most one implementation currently. so hit region itself will be at risk.<br>
â€¦ otherwise we would be blocked and have to go to LC again to remove it<br>
â€¦ it's a standalone section<br>
â€¦ Jay and  Mark will give  a stable draft this week<br>
â€¦ then we'll do a CfC for LC<br>
â€¦ targeting publication on or before April 22</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk&gt;</cite> * test</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> this means LC ends May 20 or earlier<br>
â€¦ since we won't skip CR, we won't say anything in the status<br>
â€¦ on CR length, let's hold for that on the HTML 5 discussion</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk&gt;</cite> * hint johnjan if you want to talk about webdriver and web platform tests at a certain time</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> most important item is the second implementation for hit region<br>
â€¦ test results<br>
â€¦ at a previous HTML Group meeting<br>
â€¦ <a href="http://www.w3.org/html/test/results/2dcontext/">http://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;test/&zwnj;results/&zwnj;2dcontext/</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;JohnJansen&gt;</cite> I'm on IRC and would like to call in when the test status discussion starts</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> is there a plan to get these test results updated?</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>Robin:</cite> I can do that</p>
<p class=action id=x03><strong>Action:</strong> Robin to provide updated results for Canvas 2D Level 1</p>
<p class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> Created ACTION-238 - Provide updated results for canvas 2d level 1 [on Robin Berjon - due 2014-04-15].</p>
<p class=summary><a href="https://github.com/w3c/web-platform-tests/tree/master/2dcontext/drawing-paths-to-the-canvas">https://&zwnj;github.com/&zwnj;w3c/&zwnj;web-platform-tests/&zwnj;tree/&zwnj;master/&zwnj;2dcontext/&zwnj;drawing-paths-to-the-canvas</a></p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> on canvas results, the sense was that we had enough data, modulo hit regions<br>
â€¦ so Robin will just udpate the results<br>
â€¦ so only thing on critical path is the second implementation of hit region</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>Glenn:</cite> and if we don't get it?</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> several possibility: extension spec, level 2 only, (I don't think we want to consider dropping it)<br>
â€¦ then criteria will be trade-off between waiting or having the REC<br>
â€¦ we'll mark hit regions at risk in the LC and the CR</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=x04>DOM4 LC results</h3>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> <a href="https://www.w3.org/Bugs/Public/buglist.cgi?component=DOM4&amp;list_id=34640&amp;product=HTML%20WG&amp;query_format=advanced">https://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;Bugs/&zwnj;Public/&zwnj;buglist.cgi?component=DOM4&amp;list_id=34640&amp;product=HTML%20WG&amp;query_format=advanced</a><br>
â€¦ bugs are resolved</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>Robin:</cite> initially, I subsetted the DOM WHATWG spec to remove Promises<br>
â€¦ but then it got removed from DOM WHATWG as well, so we're back in sync</p>
<p class=summary>[looking at <a href="http://w3c.github.io/dom/]">http://&zwnj;w3c.github.io/&zwnj;dom/]</a></p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>Robin:</cite> we have red in the status section</p>
<p class=summary>w3c.github.io/dom/test-results/less-than-2.html#test-file-44<br>
â€¦ we have warnings in the spec<br>
â€¦ I would expect to survive CR and be in the Recommendation</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> DOMError will go away. What does it mean?</p>
<p class="phone s08"><cite>Tantek:</cite> +1</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>Robin:</cite> we can rephrasing it</p>
<p class=action id=x05><strong>Action:</strong> Robin to rephrase the warnings in DOM4</p>
<p class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> Created ACTION-239 - Rephrase the warnings in dom4 [on Robin Berjon - due 2014-04-15].</p>
<p class="phone s08"><cite>Tantek:</cite> &quot;will go away&quot; is confusing indeed for implementers</p>
<p class=summary><a href="http://w3c.github.io/dom/#collections:-elements">http://&zwnj;w3c.github.io/&zwnj;dom/#collections:-elements</a></p>
<p class=action id=x06><strong>Action:</strong> Robin to look at the WebIDL <a href="http://w3c.github.io/dom/#collections:-elements">http://&zwnj;w3c.github.io/&zwnj;dom/#collections:-elements</a></p>
<p class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> Created ACTION-240 - Look at the webidl <a href="http://w3c.github.io/dom/#collections:-elements">http://&zwnj;w3c.github.io/&zwnj;dom/#collections:-elements</a> [on Robin Berjon - due 2014-04-15].</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> DOM test suite results</p>
<p class=summary><a href="http://w3c.github.io/dom/test-results/less-than-2.html">http://&zwnj;w3c.github.io/&zwnj;dom/&zwnj;test-results/&zwnj;less-than-2.html</a></p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>Robin:</cite> the situation improved a lot since I sent my messages<br>
â€¦ 181/47132 (0.38%)<br>
â€¦ this is a good test suite but of course not perfect<br>
â€¦ some of the them are disputable<br>
â€¦ like historical tests<br>
â€¦ the spec doesn't require folks to remove features<br>
â€¦ a bunch of interfaces that fail<br>
â€¦ some alleged WebIDL bugs<br>
â€¦ events related tests<br>
â€¦ tests results are good enough</p>
<p class=summary><a href="http://w3c.github.io/dom/#interface-nodelist">http://&zwnj;w3c.github.io/&zwnj;dom/#interface-nodelist</a></p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> is it an at risk feature?</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>Robin:</cite> yes, that's a candidate</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> any other?</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>Plh:</cite> both NodeList and Elements don't support Array :(</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>Robin:</cite> 5.2.6 might be dropped</p>
<p class=summary>[discussion on whether we can support ArrayClass]</p>
<p class=summary>[implementers are shaking their heads on making progress on this]</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> so, we'll need the list of at risk features, 5.2.6 and ArrayClass on 5.2.7<br>
â€¦ we'll need the action items looked at<br>
â€¦ what length for CR?</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>Plh:</cite> 4 weeks?</p>
<p class="phone s01"><cite>Paul:</cite> let's pick 4 weeks at the minimum<br>
â€¦ we'll get an updated draft from Robin<br>
â€¦ with cleanup text and at risk features</p>
<p class=action id=x07><strong>Action:</strong> Robin to provide an updated draft for DOM4</p>
<p class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> Created ACTION-241 - Provide an updated draft for dom4 [on Robin Berjon - due 2014-04-15].</p>
<p class="phone s09"><cite>Ted:</cite> Sylvia has limited ability to attend, can we talk about DataCue at 1pm?</p>
<p class=summary>[Paul updates agenda to include DataCue at 1pm today]</p>
<p class=summary>[break for 10 minutes]</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;JohnJansen&gt;</cite> trying to call in but 4865 is 'not a valid code'</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;gitbot&gt;</cite> [13html] 15darobin pushed 1 new commit to 06gh-pages: 02<a href="https://github.com/w3c/html/commit/0f2107d4e61c82b0b324226137306d6c9f684787">https://&zwnj;github.com/&zwnj;w3c/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;commit/&zwnj;0f2107d4e61c82b0b324226137306d6c9f684787</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;gitbot&gt;</cite> 13html/06gh-pages 140f2107d 15Robin Berjon: add canvas results</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;gitbot&gt;</cite> [13html] 15erikadoyle pushed 1 new commit to 06gh-pages: 02<a href="https://github.com/w3c/html/commit/dd718c650eb596d5a29e9949ccff057fb39f1820">https://&zwnj;github.com/&zwnj;w3c/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;commit/&zwnj;dd718c650eb596d5a29e9949ccff057fb39f1820</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;gitbot&gt;</cite> 13html/06gh-pages 14dd718c6 15Erika Doyle Navara: IE11 results for canvas and html suites</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;jgraham&gt;</cite> gitbot says WG calls break: work starts</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;gitbot&gt;</cite> [13html] 15darobin pushed 1 new commit to 06gh-pages: 02<a href="https://github.com/w3c/html/commit/9eb337b756007a6c224075265a233cccfa406775">https://&zwnj;github.com/&zwnj;w3c/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;commit/&zwnj;9eb337b756007a6c224075265a233cccfa406775</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;gitbot&gt;</cite> 13html/06gh-pages 149eb337b 15Robin Berjon: add WebKit results</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk&gt;</cite> * test...</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>PC:</cite> moved datacue to 1:00 to accomodate Silva</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>PC:</cite> moved datetime to a 30 minute slot at the end of today, and added 30 minutes tomorrow for dom 4 test results.</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;JohnJansen&gt;</cite> 26632 worked, but I'm alone.</p>
<p class=summary>Philipe is crawling around fixing the phone :)</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;JohnJansen&gt;</cite> video?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;darobin&gt;</cite> the new DOM4 results <a href="http://w3c.github.io/dom/test-results/less-than-2.html">http://&zwnj;w3c.github.io/&zwnj;dom/&zwnj;test-results/&zwnj;less-than-2.html</a></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=x08>HTML 5.0 status and time table, testing results</h3>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;darobin&gt;</cite> <a href="http://w3c.github.io/html/test-results/less-than-2.html">http://&zwnj;w3c.github.io/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;test-results/&zwnj;less-than-2.html</a></p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>Robin:</cite> link to results report on tests with &lt;2 passes</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>PC:</cite> document with all results is very large</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;gitbot&gt;</cite> [13html] 15darobin pushed 1 new commit to 06gh-pages: 02<a href="https://github.com/w3c/html/commit/de6c91af615e17e2ef5ea98767e3785ea7d04419">https://&zwnj;github.com/&zwnj;w3c/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;commit/&zwnj;de6c91af615e17e2ef5ea98767e3785ea7d04419</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;gitbot&gt;</cite> 13html/06gh-pages 14de6c91a 15Robin Berjon: updated results</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;tantek&gt;</cite> greetings from the IRC web interface</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> 9% failure rate</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>PC:</cite> why did it change from 4% to 9%</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> results for IE were actually results for firefox</p>
<p class=summary>testing chrome 36, ff30, ie11, presto engine from opera because it predates the blink fork</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> couldn't use the current opera browser because it uses blink and isn't an independent implementation</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> also webki</p>
<p class=summary>s/webki webkit</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc&gt;</cite> Test files with failures: 480; Subtests with fewer than 2 passes: 13712; Failure level: 13712/142441 (9.63%)</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>PC:</cite> what does this tell us about our status?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> 7.86% of the failures are due to WebIDL failures</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>PC:</cite> what is the likelyhood that an end user would ever trip across this corner case</p>
<p class="phone s11"><cite>kris:</cite> a lot of these are in reflection</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> for example, set every value in the idl to infinity, and see if the error handling is right.  If you fail that, you will fail thougsands of tests</p>
<p class="phone s12"><cite>mc:</cite> if these are testing webidl more than html, maybe we should remove it from this test suite</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> specs sometimes mean implemenation defined or implementation dependent</p>
<p class=summary>s/ mc ms</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> if we did that, then that might be grounds for taking the tests out.</p>
<p class="phone s13"><cite>sr:</cite> can we do that?</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> webidl has 2 sections, one on syntax and one on how to bind in javascript</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> <a href="http://www.w3.org/TR/webstorage/#dependencies">http://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;TR/&zwnj;webstorage/#dependencies</a></p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> we had a problem like that for webstorage, we used a sentence in the seciton on dependencies</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> The IDL blocks in this specification are conforming IDL fragments as defined by the WebIDL specification. [WEBIDL]</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> effectively in html5 we are using webidl syntax, but we're not doing well on binding those semantics</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> i don't think the scenarios we were talking about have to do with javascript bindings.  it's about failures in boundary test cases and that they are multiplicitive</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> that doesn't have to do with the bindings, but about the values being past in the tests</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> the windows bindings to javacript, for example, will never pass because they are 20 years old and yet are core to teh web</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> if we take those 9 or 10 rows of test results out, then we are down 1.77% failure rate.  What does that tell us?</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> we're pretty close to home</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> what do we tell the director about the number and bredth and number of tests?</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> we have set a record for the number tests for a w3c spec.  granted 2% of 150,000 tests is a lot of failures.  However, many of these are corner cases or at-risk items that haven't been removed from teh test cases.</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> list of at risk features is from when we entered cr, and needs update</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> media element rows 62-144 has a lot of things that aren't implemented well.</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>PC:</cite> media is kind of important...</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> yes,  this needs more investigation.  some of these are going to be problems with tests, but others are likely real faiures.</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>PC:</cite> plan 2014 has another last call, but not another CR.</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> or marked at risk in last call.</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>PC:</cite> at risk and last call don't match for me</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> I think it works process-wise</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> +1</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> need to identify all the sets of tests that are failing</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk&gt;</cite> <a href="http://w3c-test.org/html/infrastructure/urls/resolving-urls/query-encoding">http://&zwnj;w3c-test.org/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;infrastructure/&zwnj;urls/&zwnj;resolving-urls/&zwnj;query-encoding</a> is another item to note for possible at risk feature</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> need to make sure that tests that are reporting false are correct</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> can you point us to the html5 spec subsections that are the culprits?</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> text tracks</p>
<p class="phone s14"><cite>ms:</cite> oncuechange</p>
<p class="phone s14"><cite>ms:</cite> that is part of text track</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;jgraham&gt;</cite> That query-encoding test is buggy</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;jgraham&gt;</cite> I pushed a PR today, although I'm not sure it fixes the whole problem</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> <a href="http://www.w3.org/html/wg/drafts/html/CR/embedded-content-0.html#timed-text-tracks">http://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;wg/&zwnj;drafts/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;CR/&zwnj;embedded-content-0.html#timed-text-tracks</a></p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> text track cue constructor should not be supported... this is a questionable test, testing whether something from an earlier draft has been deprecated.  row 62</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> this test is producing a lot of failures, but I don't know if it's essential to test.  the old version could be there without impacting interoperability of new features</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>PC:</cite> we need  a definitive list of features that we may need to cut.  let's put that on the agenda for tomorrow.</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> i will try to compile that list</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc&gt;</cite> CR exit criteria: <a href="http://www.w3.org/html/wg/tests-cr-exit/">http://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;wg/&zwnj;tests-cr-exit/</a></p>
<p class=action id=x09><strong>Action:</strong> darobin to compile list of sections of html5 spec that are failing tests</p>
<p class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> Created ACTION-242 - Compile list of sections of html5 spec that are failing tests [on Robin Berjon - due 2014-04-15].</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> this document reflects an up to date view of the quality of the test suite</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> previous data tells us how we're doing on the tests we have, this one tell us where we need more tests</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> this is from april 2013</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> these show areas where we needed more coverage.  where do we stand on this</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> a year ago we thought we needed more testing, for example for 2.4.5.  The checks say that we now thing we have enough tests.</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> no, the green ones are where the group said we didn't need tests.  green + check means we don't need tests but we have them.  purple with check means we need and have tests.</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> so I need to look for ones without checkmarks.</p>
<p class=summary>3.1.4 loading xml documents is priority, no check, needs tests and doesn't have them.</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> in most of these cases, we have pull requests that need reviewing</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> that will give us tests, but not results or implemenations</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> section 5 is not well tests at all</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> for most of these, I think we will be good soon.  loading xml is a feature we're likely to drop.  many others have open pull requests.  section 5 is our weekness</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> a lot of these are new features to html5</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> not necesarily</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> #769, #773, #660, #634, #521, #612</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> obviously anything new needs to be tested, but a lot of the purple lines are things where we knew there were historical issues</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> section 5 is about the window object.  the rules were never written down before, and everyone does it differently.</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> pasted in pull request numbers that are waiting.</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> 38 rows that have the word 'priority' in them</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> most in section 5</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk&gt;</cite> 22 of the 38 are in section 5</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> #463</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> these 38 rows, we need tests, we need results, and then we need to evaluate the results to see if we have implementations</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> so, what are we going to about these? are we going to do anything?</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> a number of section 5 items have tests that need reviewing</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> 660, 634, 521, 612</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> section 5.1, 5.2</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> section 5.7</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;darobin&gt;</cite> sections 5.1.6, 5.2, 5.2.3, 5.2.4, 5.5.2, 5.5.3, 5.6.4, 5.6.6, 5.6.11 have tests that need reviewing</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> do these pull requests decrease the number from 38?</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> yes, but not to 0.</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> decrease by not more than 30%</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> this seems like a high priority item</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> section 5 is our ship problem, other things we have a clear plan</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> section 8?</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> that's parsing, and it's well tested</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc&gt;</cite> <a href="https://www.w3.org/Bugs/Public/show_bug.cgi?id=24812">https://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;Bugs/&zwnj;Public/&zwnj;show_bug.cgi?id=24812</a> Features at risk bug</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc&gt;</cite> See Robin's response in <a href="https://www.w3.org/Bugs/Public/show_bug.cgi?id=24812">https://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;Bugs/&zwnj;Public/&zwnj;show_bug.cgi?id=24812</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc&gt;</cite> <a href="https://www.w3.org/Bugs/Public/show_bug.cgi?id=24812#c11">https://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;Bugs/&zwnj;Public/&zwnj;show_bug.cgi?id=24812#c11</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;rubys&gt;</cite> &gt; * Application Cache  This is interoperably implemented and should not be removed.</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;rubys&gt;</cite> &gt; * &lt;dialog&gt;  There is movement on implementation, but it's not clear that it'll make the cut</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;tantek&gt;</cite> Deprecate appcache maybe?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;tantek&gt;</cite> or is it already?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk&gt;</cite> * Test</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;tantek&gt;</cite> I see krisk * Test</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> do we have any successful tests with dialog?</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> show modal, also fail</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> that will tell us how far we are.  do we have even 1 implmentation</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> when are you going to go into last call?  how long will we wait?  we want to go into last call in june</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;MikeSmith&gt;</cite> At Risk with Extreme Prejudice</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> want to come out of this meeting with: no bugs, no issues (currently there?), minimum problems with normative references, ideally no at risk features.  plan 2014 says rec in 4th quarter.  tests, results and implemenations must happen over the summer.  If we don't have that, then we are dead, or have to take out feature.</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>PC:</cite> with that in mind, we've said: let's remove app cache.</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> what do we do with dialog?</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> 2 options.  take it out now, or at the last minute</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> only 2 tests</p>
<p class="phone s02"><cite>robin:</cite> other tests in other places</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk&gt;</cite> <a href="http://w3c.github.io/html/test-results/less-than-2.html#test-file-285">http://&zwnj;w3c.github.io/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;test-results/&zwnj;less-than-2.html#test-file-285</a> dialog info</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> let's look at all the tests first. table dialog</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;rubys&gt;</cite> &gt; * &lt;details&gt; and &lt;summary&gt;  Irrespective of the source of the implementations, they still fail some pretty basic tests like html/semantics/interfaces.html.</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> details and summary.</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;tantek&gt;</cite> btw re: dialog and Gecko - you can track &quot;status&quot; here: <a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=840640">https://&zwnj;bugzilla.mozilla.org/&zwnj;show_bug.cgi?id=840640</a></p>
<p class="phone s14"><cite>ms:</cite> there was  alate bug about interactive content inside summary element, which makes a problem about where the click is.</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;tantek&gt;</cite> details &amp; summary are not implemented in Gecko. status here: <a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=591737">https://&zwnj;bugzilla.mozilla.org/&zwnj;show_bug.cgi?id=591737</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;rubys&gt;</cite> &gt; * &lt;input type=color&gt;  Supported in both Chrome and pre-Blink Opera.</p>
<p class="phone s15"><cite>cyns:</cite> there is another issue around details/summary, which is that it was one replacement for the @summary attribute on table.</p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> input type color</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> 4.10.5.1.14 Color state (type=color)</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> pull request #773</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;tantek&gt;</cite> input type=color appears to be partially implemented in Gecko, status of what's implemented vs. what's left to be implemented can be found here: <a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=547004">https://&zwnj;bugzilla.mozilla.org/&zwnj;show_bug.cgi?id=547004</a></p>
<p class="phone s10"><cite>pc:</cite> what are we going to do with the at risk items that need testing and don't have tests?</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> we do have a pull request.</p>
<p class="phone s11"><cite>kris:</cite> color will either work or not work. it won't be complicated like app cache</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;SteveF&gt;</cite> re: summary details implementation - no implementations as defined in spec</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc&gt;</cite> waves</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=x10>DataCue discussion</h3>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc&gt;</cite> We are waiting for Sylvia.</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> Here is a summary of the proposal<br>
â€¦ it's in the spec section<br>
â€¦ 4.7.10.12.6 Test Tracks exposing meta data</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;hober&gt;</cite> <a href="http://www.w3.org/html/wg/drafts/html/master/embedded-content.html#datacue">http://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;wg/&zwnj;drafts/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;master/&zwnj;embedded-content.html#datacue</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> <a href="http://www.w3.org/html/wg/drafts/html/CR/embedded-content-0.html#text-tracks-exposing-in-band-metadata">http://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;wg/&zwnj;drafts/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;CR/&zwnj;embedded-content-0.html#text-tracks-exposing-in-band-metadata</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc&gt;</cite> 4.7.10.12.6 Text tracks exposing in-band metadata</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> The idea is that sites streaming media an stream custom metadata</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> It can be text or custom for the page author</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> Normally metadata is decoded by the browser(s)</p>
<p class=summary>hober; I3 for example has data about the show, or the teams playing and the score</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>Hober:</cite> We like to be a bit more like xhr where we can expose a document, or blob</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> we don't want to have then take time to decode the data buffer</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> The generic use and specific should be seperate use cases</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> Having other metadata to help the user agent decode would be good</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> The first case seems fine, I'm only talking about the latter</p>
<p class="phone s17"><cite>mjs:</cite> Does the user agent have a way to determine the data stream?</p>
<p class="phone s18"><cite>krisk:</cite> An attribute exists that has this information</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> basically just change from arraybuffer to any</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> what is raw data?  framing and payload?</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> what if we wanted to expose more than one type?</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> I though .text was kept for backward compat</p>
<p class=summary>The current is useful, if it's plain text you need to extract from arraybuffer</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> data sticks around and replace text?</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> which version 5.0 or 5.1?</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> it's in 5.0 4.7.10.12.6</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> It's worth mentioning that the WHATWG doesn't have this at all</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> The next topic is part of talking about this..</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> Ian thinks this is useless</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> Unless the useragent knows what it is and can decode this data</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> How do you get a DataCue in HTML5 today</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> You need to know that this part of text track queues</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> Using typeOf or the track type itself</p>
<p class="phone s17"><cite>mjs:</cite> instanceOf will work</p>
<p class="phone s17"><cite>mjs:</cite> It's like getElementById - you need to check or know what type of element that is returned</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> I wanted to raise the issue and do a sanity check on this issue</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> what is the elevator pitch?</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> Add a new field which exposed the encode type</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> glenn seems ok with replacing .text</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> we could add some non-normative examples in the spec</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> I'm open with the name of this</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> This item text is basically at risk no tests, no implementation</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;hober&gt;</cite> WebKit bug: <a href="https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=123907">https://&zwnj;bugs.webkit.org/&zwnj;show_bug.cgi?id=123907</a></p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> are we done?</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> I can have an action item to add a bug for this issue</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> Next item on Agenda is HTML WG culture and participation and divergence from WHATWG specs</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=x11>HTML WG culture and participation and divergence from WHATWG specs</h3>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> first item is from tantek</p>
<p class=summary>second is robins spec diffs</p>
<p class=summary>third is the work mode document</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> Let's start with work mode document</p>
<p class="phone s20"><cite>rubys:</cite> It's been a while since we updated the decision policy<br>
â€¦ a number sections are old, not used<br>
â€¦ whatwg has a doc is this a better base for changes?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc&gt;</cite> Workmode document: <a href="https://www.w3.org/wiki/HTML/wg/WorkMode">https://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;wiki/&zwnj;HTML/&zwnj;wg/&zwnj;WorkMode</a></p>
<p class="phone s20"><cite>rubys:</cite> I sent this proposal to the list and had only one positive commit</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc&gt;</cite> 'Proposal need to suggest one or more editors, be able to identify independent support, be within the scope of the working group, and not attract strong objections&quot;</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> I'd propose removing the second sentance (see above)</p>
<p class=summary>It's not removing the second sentance...</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> Sam and I did a personal rude Q and A</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;glenn&gt;</cite> s/the second sentence/the last phrase &quot;and not attract strong objections&quot;/</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> Like why did we have this in the first place</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> We'd like to not have this but had to add this in the past to make progress on working group decision</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;jaymunro&gt;</cite>  Possible wording:  Proposal need to suggest one or more editors, be able to identify independent support, and be within the scope of the working group.</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> We'd like to have a lighter weight process, especially in pre-last call and last call</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> We would like to have the editors do this work and not have this heavy process in place to make progress</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> If we don't have any objections the chairs are going to impl this change</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> So basically we are going to a lighter weight process and if needed we can handle one off issues</p>
<p class="phone s20"><cite>rubys:</cite> Yes - with the current editiors we have had zero issues</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> the extension specs seem to have helped as well since it has taken pressure off and exists to get changes made to the spec for alternate solutions</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> quesiton about extension specs...<br>
â€¦ would we move items at risk into an extension spec?</p>
<p class="phone s20"><cite>rubys:</cite> ruby got moved into 5.0 from an extension spec</p>
<p class="phone s06"><cite>glenn:</cite> my ask is the opposite - remove feature and move to an extension spec</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> Yes if it can be cleanly removed  - canvas 2d hit testing is an example</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;Zakim&gt;</cite> MarkS, you wanted to ask what differentiates sections with a priority flag and without</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> One having a light process is much better</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;gitbot&gt;</cite> [13html] 15darobin pushed 1 new commit to 06gh-pages: 02<a href="https://github.com/w3c/html/commit/f4eda02f5c9456aa2045b21353889bd9bef3a385">https://&zwnj;github.com/&zwnj;w3c/&zwnj;html/&zwnj;commit/&zwnj;f4eda02f5c9456aa2045b21353889bd9bef3a385</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;gitbot&gt;</cite> 13html/06gh-pages 14f4eda02 15Robin Berjon: updated safari results</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> Though for the 1% having a process in place is helpful</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> rubys: I understand this point - other WG have this 1% issue, but so far this has not been the case</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;MikeSmith&gt;</cite> for the sake of being accurate here, the &quot;original problem&quot; really hasn't been solved. The problem that Hixie mentioned here just earlier here remains. Unless we somehow don't consider that a problem.</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: Seem that one needs to just escalate to the chairs like in other working groups</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> rubys: Or higher if needed</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: Art asked the chairs why we were doing CFC for heartbeat drafts for example</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> robin: moving this into the wiki woudl be good and keeping the work mode short is very helpful for new commers</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: New person comment is realy helpful since it will help people feel more welcome working/joining the group</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: The previous policy had the effect of turning people away from the HTML WG</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: This seems to undo some of this damage and better by moving to a wiki</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: That was one of our objections</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: We started to look at this after TPAC from feedback and now have this change in place for approval</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: If the group decides to copy move specs from whatwg we should try to minimize divergence</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: Keeping track of just the diffs is not enough</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;Hixie&gt;</cite> or, you know, the wg could STOP COPYING OUR WORK in the first place</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: The charter calls out that we can take work from other sources</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> rubys: Glenn made a suggestion - he should update the wiki</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> hober: We were talking about how the previous work mode came about from the failure mode we had at that time</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> hober: The opposite case is that editor has captured the consensus of the group, but one still objects</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> hober: The new document, talks about potentially changing the editor</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> hober: We should maybe protect the group from a DoS</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: It's possible to do this and needs to be done with extreem care</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: so we do have a way to protect the group from a DoS (both sides of the problem)</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: In the Ally TF we have had chairs attend this meeting to make sure all parties are being heard</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;Zakim&gt;</cite> MikeSmith, you wanted to point out that the decision about whether to copy specs from the WHATWG at all is ultimately an HTML WG decision, not some kind of unchangeable external requirement</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: Having a personal touch and not process is ideal</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;Hixie&gt;</cite> maybe that diff should instead just say &quot;Editors of documents that have an independent existence outside of the working group SHOULD NOT exist&quot;</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> mikesmith: I wanted to make the point that we have been talking around the issue..</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..it's possible that we have an upstream spec under a diff license</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..one that says you can republish, modify</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..then we would not have this luxury</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..so wanted to mention this that the circumstance we are in are not written in stone</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;Zakim&gt;</cite> tantek, you wanted to discuss one way convergence</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: rubys: made a point that I wanted to follow up on.</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..tantek we are stuck with the w3c license to possible change</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..the ab is working on this and is being worked on</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..it's also published on the AB wiki as well</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;Zakim&gt;</cite> darobin, you wanted to bring up deforking</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> robin: we are moving to a new work mode and trying to faciliate document convergence</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..editors talked (minus travis - he is on vacation)</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..we wanted to re-visit some possible forks</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..in case when a single person was the source and is no longer participating</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..which would potentially unfork these parts of the spec</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> rubys: 5.0 or 5.1?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> robin: 5.0</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> robin: it's alot of small tiny items</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: The smaller the list looks the better</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> rubys: I'm worried about the schedule - 5.1 seems much safer in terms of risk</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: 2014 has alot of pressure</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> robin: It's not just the chairs</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: I agree with sam that doing this for 5.0 seems dangerous</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> rubys: I think 5.1 is better, it's been a long time since w3c published a html spec</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: I encourage the editors to do this on the list</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> robin: fair enough as long as we get to do this</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> rubys: The new work mode really opens this up for the editors</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: last call comments can be made by anyone - including the editors</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..if you see easy ones that have new information the seems reasonable for last call</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: I no longer need to be on the queue</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: Doing the human to human connection</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..is the right approach as paul mentioned</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> Eliot: what about the twitter account? Should we use it more?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: I'd suggest you give the 'keys' to the chairs</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: would having the chairs use this be helpful?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> group - yes, good oppertunity for w3c</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;Hixie&gt;</cite> so... have the chairs even acknowledged that they should consider not copying another group's work? or has the discussion moved on to something else without the topic being discussed?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: Group has agreed to move to this new work mode</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: At minimum we should cite where it comes from</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: we should be explicit</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;Hixie&gt;</cite> if the source doesn't want the text to be copied, that doesn't seem like the minimum.</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: Two very big diffs in work mode exists - living spec vs w3c mode</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> tantek: html5.0 and html5.1 is different than the living standard do to the diff work modes</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> marks: How do you feel we are doing with canvas?  We know of differences and have action items to follow up.</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: As others mentioned we have the constrains we are bound to work in..</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> ..In the case of canvas I would have recommend to use the extension spec process</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=x12>Other spec updates - Extension specs, Polyglot and Image Description LC status</h3>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> marks: Do you want to given an update to image description?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> marks: We hope to have longdesc CR document ready in the next few weeks</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> marks: we were hoping to skip CR, but no won't be able to skip CR</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: Do you have a rough timetable?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: so you have taken care of last call comments, so what is the general time for CR then?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> marks: 4 weeks</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk__&gt;</cite> paulc: and you do have tests as well</p>
<p class="phone s21"><cite>eliot:</cite> we have no bug but no test cases</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> we need a list of items that need to enter CR</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> I would think a list of items at risk and a list of tests to create so that multiple browsers pass each test</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> seems like the chairs just need to continue work with the editors on timeframes for each</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> plh do you think we should be doing these on the same schedule?  Or have them get pushed faster?</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> I think having longdesc shipped before html5 would be best</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> HTML5 tech for providing text alternates</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> This has been moved into html5 and will be published as a note</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> Next is using WAI-ARIA in HTML</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> <a href="http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-html/2014Apr/0007.html">http://&zwnj;lists.w3.org/&zwnj;Archives/&zwnj;Public/&zwnj;public-html/&zwnj;2014Apr/&zwnj;0007.html</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> If you have any comments on this plan you should respond back and/or work with the editors</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> Next is HTML Forms JSON submissions</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> <a href="http://darobin.github.io/formic/specs/json/">http://&zwnj;darobin.github.io/&zwnj;formic/&zwnj;specs/&zwnj;json/</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> robin: I have one issue that needs to be adressed - one or two paragraphs and then it can for to first pub working draft</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> robin</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> XML:ID extension spec: <a href="http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-html/2014Jan/0157.html">http://&zwnj;lists.w3.org/&zwnj;Archives/&zwnj;Public/&zwnj;public-html/&zwnj;2014Jan/&zwnj;0157.html</a></p>
<p class=summary>Lief's xml spec will not move forwards at this point</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> srcset has implementations in a few browsers<br>
â€¦ so that I think we will have two+ implementation so that it can go to CR</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> We have 2 bugs and no heartbeats recently?</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> can we get an update or come back?</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> We can do a heartbeat that would be doable</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> The extension spec was crowd funded to be implemented!</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;darobin&gt;</cite> go give money! <a href="https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/picture-element-implementation-in-blink">https://&zwnj;www.indiegogo.com/&zwnj;projects/&zwnj;picture-element-implementation-in-blink</a></p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> What I expect to happen is that srcset can go to CR with items not impl be marked 'at risk'</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> having both published at the same time would be great</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> <a href="http://w3c.github.io/webappsec/specs/subresourceintegrity/">http://&zwnj;w3c.github.io/&zwnj;webappsec/&zwnj;specs/&zwnj;subresourceintegrity/</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> Summary:</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> I wanted to make this group be aware - src set as well</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> a) Editors will work on publishing heartbeats of &lt;picture&gt; element and srcset attribute at the same time</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> b) XML:id extensions spec work is not going forward</p>
<p class=summary>There is an extension spec in webapps that may conflict</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> c) ARIA in HTML work is being refactored and will done in HTML 5.1 timeframe</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> d) Alt text alternatives in HTML has been folded in HTML 5.0 and will be published as a WG Note</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> e) Polyglot will go to CR</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> f) Image Description will go to CR</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;tantek&gt;</cite> &lt;br&gt;</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> g) JSON extension spec will go to FPWD when Robin can complete the current work</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> Correction: Early discussion of Using ARIA in HTML should have been about HTML to Platform A11Y API implementation Guide.</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;gitbot&gt;</cite> [13syntax] 15sideshowbarker pushed 1 new commit to 06master: 02<a href="https://github.com/validator/syntax/commit/e55cfdc11c4c1e1178ad1b87eeaa121390b95530">https://&zwnj;github.com/&zwnj;validator/&zwnj;syntax/&zwnj;commit/&zwnj;e55cfdc11c4c1e1178ad1b87eeaa121390b95530</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;gitbot&gt;</cite> 13syntax/06master 14e55cfdc 15Michael[tm] Smith: Warn for year &lt; 1000 || year &gt; 3000.</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> RE: c) ARIA in HTML work is being refactored and will done in HTML 5.1 timeframe</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> This should refer to the API Implementation Guide work.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=x13>HTML 5.1</h3>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> The status of the ARIA in HTML work is under discussion in A11Y TF</p>
<p class="phone s20"><cite>rubys:</cite> First of is list of bugs - we have 235 bugs</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> Most of these have not been touched, as we have been pushing for CR</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> Have you looked to see if any of these are potentially for HTML5.0? Maybe editorial quick wins</p>
<p class=summary><a href="https://www.w3.org/Bugs/Public/buglist.cgi?bug_status=ASSIGNED&amp;bug_status=NEW&amp;bug_status=REOPENED&amp;component=HTML5%20spec&amp;list_id=32878&amp;product=HTML%20WG">Link</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> HTML 5.1 timeline: See <a href="http://dev.w3.org/html5/decision-policy/html5-2014-plan.html">http://&zwnj;dev.w3.org/&zwnj;html5/&zwnj;decision-policy/&zwnj;html5-2014-plan.html</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> HTMl 5.1 Last Call:          2014 Q3</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> When we have shipped 5.0 - we can tidy up and then look for items that are implemented</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> HTML 5.0 LCf:  2014 Q3</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> so that we have one source document and just remove items that are not stable is the optimal work mode<br>
â€¦ shipping once a year would be my ideal schedule</p>
<p class="phone s20"><cite>rubys:</cite> working back on the dates would be intresting</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> I would hope for a .1 would not need 2 years<br>
â€¦ we have a bunch of items in place that should help shorted CR periods<br>
â€¦ even if we only have a few features</p>
<p class="phone s20"><cite>rubys:</cite> Maybe late 2015 early 2016</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> what does it mean for CR, last call dates, etc...</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> in theory by then cr and lc will be merged so it'll be lcr which is shorter</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> Maybe late October we enter lcr?</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> Can we update the early deliverable on LC for HTMl5.1 by Q3 2014</p>
<p class=summary>Is it reasonable to shift focus later in summer to attack 5.1 (bugs) once other specs have progressed?</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> The goal was that HTMl5.1 would show progress when HTML5 ships<br>
â€¦ in 2014</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> It makes sense to show progress on 5.1 when 5.0 ships..</p>
<p class=summary>I think the Q3 2014 for LC for 5.1<br>
â€¦ knowning that their is alot more features in 5.1 and the LCR time dates are smaller</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> I would say Q2 2015 and skip CR so that rec occurs in Q4 2015</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> since the plan should be to just remove items that are not implemented</p>
<p class="phone s20"><cite>rubys:</cite> So then we need to start a 5.2 then right?</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> yes</p>
<p class="phone s20"><cite>rubys:</cite> I really think this removes pressure, for items at risk if we get into a yearly schedule</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;adrianba&gt;</cite> +1</p>
<p class=summary>+2</p>
<p class="phone s07"><cite>plh:</cite> the charter ends at june 2015</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> I think this will not be an issue</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> I was thinking about how we communicate the changes</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> we don't have to update the charter, but we do need to inform the AC</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> Current schedule is in the charter: <a href="http://www.w3.org/2007/03/HTML-WG-charter.html">http://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;2007/&zwnj;03/&zwnj;HTML-WG-charter.html</a></p>
<p class="phone s20"><cite>rubys:</cite> Then we should communicate LC for 5.1 won't happen in Q3 and that we are going to ship HTML5.1 earlier</p>
<p class="phone s20"><cite>rubys:</cite> Editors should start to think about a date for 5.2 bugs</p>
<p class="phone s23"><cite>darobins:</cite> we can actually use the milestone field in bugzilla :)</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> Getting this list of bug and plan is important, especially with all the 5.0 work</p>
<p class="phone s22"><cite>darobin:</cite> I don't think it's reasonable to work on this until HTML5 gets to PR (can't speak about other editors)</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> maybe other editors can work on 5.1 bugs</p>
<p class="phone s16"><cite>hober:</cite> that seems reasonable</p>
<p class="phone s19"><cite>paulc:</cite> do we know the AB schedule for section 7 in the process document and when it will come into effect</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: Let me ask two qs</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;tantek&gt;</cite> Process improvement project: <a href="https://www.w3.org/wiki/Process">https://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;wiki/&zwnj;Process</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> In 5.0 we needed to go to no just last call, but pre-last call</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> Do we think we will need this for 5.1?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: so are we ok that 5.0 is marching to be done...</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> we are just really asking for a review for 5.1 which is much smaller in scope than 5.0</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> ..so that the model for 5.1 can be much differenet</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> darobin: yes</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: I think it's key to communicate this diff</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: Next is that I think the ally focus are thinking the 5.1 timeframe will be the same as 5.0</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: basically we have to communicate this outside an inside the group</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> rubys: In theory if we do ship yearly then it should not be problem, like other 'at risk features'</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> * krisk_ says goodbye to krisk</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;plh&gt;</cite> <a href="http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-w3process/2014Mar/0019.html">http://&zwnj;lists.w3.org/&zwnj;Archives/&zwnj;Public/&zwnj;public-w3process/&zwnj;2014Mar/&zwnj;0019.html</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: that is my point, maybe do a paln 2016</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;rubys&gt;</cite> d/plan/plan/</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> plh: we can use new process if we are not in last call...</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> ..if you are in last call then you can't use the new process</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: the only spec that this could impact I *think* is EME</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;Zakim&gt;</cite> tantek, you wanted to ask why are people considering &quot;5.1 timeframe&quot; for new features? not a good framing. new specs/features should go in extension specs which have their own timelines.</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: I was confused about extension specs and 5.1</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: you should read the ally TF work</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: I think they are really looking at 5.0 in 2014 and then 5.1 2016</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: I'm all for lining up to other schedules, though it goes against the spirt of extension specs</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: The api mapping document pre-dates the concept of extension specs</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> rubys: Their is a very human aspect to this...</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> ..other people want to work with us and we should reach out</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> ..I think the main purpose of this discusion was to get an idea on the schedule - 2016 may not make sense, or that we can get some agreement about moving to a new yearly schedule</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> ..which will lead to a set of action items where stuff can land  - 5.1, 5.2 etc..</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> rubys: did your point get covered?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: I think so and it's matter of communicating and moving forward</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> marks: This really is not an extension spec, it's a series of documents one of which involves HTML, with a core spec published by PF,</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> rubys: I'm trying to decouple the labels - 5.1, 5.2, 5.005 and focus on the date</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: when we revist at risk features tomorrow we should leverage this as well</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: Do you think the json spec would rolled in or stay seperate</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> darobin: If a feature doesn't need to be in the main spec, especially if it has no other dependancies</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> darobin: so with JSON it should be seperate</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> rubys: The next item in topic is ally wishlist</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> <a href="http://www.w3.org/WAI/PF/HTML/wiki/51wishlist">http://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;WAI/&zwnj;PF/&zwnj;HTML/&zwnj;wiki/&zwnj;51wishlist</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> darobin: I think we need to talk about the content editable and the 5.1 timeframe</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> * br vs div vs p tag?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: OK we can get 15 to talk about tomorrow</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;adrianba&gt;</cite> Extensible Web Summit home page: <a href="http://lanyrd.com/2014/extensible-web-summit/">http://&zwnj;lanyrd.com/&zwnj;2014/&zwnj;extensible-web-summit/</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> plh: some are not part of HTML</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> darobin: having more details (use case) would be very helpful...not picking oh Haptic output,</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> ...it's just that it doesn't have info on what exists today and where it fails, etc..</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> cynthia: menu has issue(s)</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> rubys: details and summary are just missing implementations</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> darobin: yes it's not about the spec, or if we have tests, just not enough implementation</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> marks: This is not a complete list and indeed needs more refinement</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> cynthia: content editable has accessibility issue</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> plh: yes content editable needs work</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> marks: I'll update the wish list with some details and use cases</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> darobin: thanks</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=x14>Datetime input timezone issues</h3>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> travil won't be able to discuss due to being on vacation (previously planned)</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: Is this about 5.0?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> bug 16597</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: has this been fixed in 5.0?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> <a href="https://www.w3.org/Bugs/Public/show_bug.cgi?id=16957">https://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;Bugs/&zwnj;Public/&zwnj;show_bug.cgi?id=16957</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> darobin: yes it has been moved to 5.0</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: note the keyword 'CR' - it means it was fixed in the 5.0 CR</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: What is health warning?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> See <a href="https://www.w3.org/Bugs/Public/show_bug.cgi?id=16957#c6">https://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;Bugs/&zwnj;Public/&zwnj;show_bug.cgi?id=16957#c6</a> for Travis's comment about resolving this in 5.0</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> darobin: Basically is you use this input you might mess up...it's not normative</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> next bug is 16959</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;paulc_&gt;</cite> <a href="https://www.w3.org/Bugs/Public/show_bug.cgi?id=16959">https://&zwnj;www.w3.org/&zwnj;Bugs/&zwnj;Public/&zwnj;show_bug.cgi?id=16959</a></p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> * I was about to paste that in paul :)</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: Is this in 5.0?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: Me too since it had the CR removed</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> darobin: why is it still open, it looks like the change was made and intl is happy?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> edoyle: Kept open since it was part of the F2F</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: It raised the flag since it seems to have diverged?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: maybe not an issue if it has not been implemented</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> darobin: what is the current status of datetime input types with this bug</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: Whatever the path is forward drop datetime-local, or has same functionality as datetime gets in back in sync</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: since this bug was just fixed, but was last talked about in june 2013</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: is the simple issue just change local to floating?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: seems like this is confusing enough to drop for 5.0</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> darobin: Only pre-blink Opera has support for input type=datetime</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: Then indeed we should remove from 5.0</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: this is on the at risk list already</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> rubys: yes we will discuss tomorrow</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> paulc: darobin can you do quick check what changes have been made?</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> rubys: The bug(s) has links to the diffs</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> rubys: No real reason to worry about these bugs since indeed the whole section is at risk to be removed</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> tantek: The other reason was that it touches on two items...</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> one if this was actually well implemented we would have a big issue</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> ...it raises the issue of new features that have no implemetations</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> ..it could be that the idea is bad and the group could propose a different solution</p>
<p class=irc><cite>&lt;krisk_&gt;</cite> ..for example a extentsion spec that gets implementations</p>
</section>
</div>

<div id=ActionSummary>
<h2>Summary of action items</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#x03">Robin to provide updated results for Canvas 2D Level 1</a></li>
<li><a href="#x05">Robin to rephrase the warnings in DOM4</a></li>
<li><a href="#x06">Robin to look at the WebIDL http://&zwnj;w3c.github.io/&zwnj;dom/#collections:-elements</a></li>
<li><a href="#x07">Robin to provide an updated draft for DOM4</a></li>
<li><a href="#x09">darobin to compile list of sections of html5 spec that are failing tests</a></li>
</ol>
</div>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 102 (Thu Nov 28 14:58:01 2019 UTC).</a></address>

<div class=diagnostics>
<h2>Diagnostics</h2>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/sape/shape/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/some WebIDL bugs/some alleged WebIDL bugs/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/chris/kris</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded 3 times: s/glen/glenn/g</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/Datacue/DataCue/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/filed/field/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/(text0/text/</p>
<p class=warning>Failed: s/the second sentence/the last phrase &quot;and not attract strong objections&quot;/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/londdesc/longdesc/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/elitot/eliot/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded 2 times: s/source set/srcset/g</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/Their is/There is/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/seem/seems/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/paln/plan/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/a whole document/a series of documents one of which involves HTML, with a core spec published by PF,</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/input datetime/input type=datetime/</p>
<p class=warning>Maybe present: cyns, darobin, darobins, hober, krisk, Mark, mc, mjs, ms, paulc, PC, rubys, sr</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
