11:56:27 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined &global
11:56:31 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2024/07/18-global-irc
11:56:31 <Zakim> RRSAgent, make logs Team
11:56:32 <Zakim> Meeting: Global Team
11:57:07 <Bert> agendabot, find agenda
11:57:07 <agendabot> Bert, OK. This may take a minute...
11:57:10 <agendabot> agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Team/w3t/2024Jul/0055.html
11:57:10 <agendabot> clear agenda
11:57:10 <agendabot> agenda+ Site news [Kaz, Philippe, Bert, Xueyuan] - 10 mn
11:57:10 <agendabot> agenda+ Highlight corner / infoshare - 10 mn
11:57:11 <agendabot> agenda+ New-member corner - 5 mn
11:57:13 <agendabot> agenda+ Zoom transcriptions - 5 mn
11:57:15 <agendabot> agenda+ FPWD ‘ACT Rules Format 1.1’ [Daniel] - 5 mn
11:57:16 <Bert> Scribe:  Xiaoqian
11:57:16 <Bert> Chair:   Bert
11:57:16 <Bert> Previous meeting: https://www.w3.org/2024/07/11-global-minutes
11:57:16 <Bert> Next meeting: https://www.w3.org/2024/07/25-global-minutes
11:57:18 <agendabot> agenda+ An Open Letter to the United Nations [Philippe] - 10 mn
11:58:25 <xueyuan> xueyuan has joined &global
11:59:30 <xiaoqian> present+
11:59:30 <kaz> present+
11:59:51 <ivan> present+
12:00:06 <Ralph> present+
12:00:09 <r12a> r12a has joined &global
12:00:18 <Bert> present+
12:00:19 <r12a> present+
12:01:23 <koalie> present+ Coralie
12:02:15 <xueyuan> present+
12:02:56 <marie> present+
12:03:03 <plh> present+
12:03:09 <naomi> naomi has joined &global
12:03:19 <xiaoqian> zakim, next item
12:03:19 <Zakim> agendum 1 -- Site news [Kaz, Philippe, Bert, Xueyuan] - 10 mn -- taken up [from agendabot]
12:03:36 <kevin> present+
12:03:46 <naomi> present
12:03:47 <kaz> -> https://www.w3.org/2024/07/18-kap-minutes.html July-18 Japan minutes
12:03:51 <naomi> present+
12:03:52 <amy> amy has joined &global
12:03:53 <xiaoqian> kaz: we had a site meeting today
12:04:00 <xfq> present+
12:04:13 <xiaoqian> ... Jay gave some report on his meeting with SOTATEK
12:04:30 <xiaoqian> ... Atsushi was working on AC review for Immersive Web
12:04:43 <xiaoqian> ... Mike is working on a new project on web browsers
12:04:45 <amy> present+
12:05:08 <xiaoqian> ... Naomi is working on no-Zero and onboarding calls
12:05:25 <xiaoqian> ... I'm working on Smart Cities
12:05:27 <Bert> q?
12:05:34 <xiaoqian> ... Mike will talk about WinterCG next week
12:05:55 <xiaoqian> plh: we didn't have a site meeting, next one will be on September
12:06:08 <xiaoqian> ... I'll be on vacation and then China
12:06:19 <xiaoqian> ... several of us are on the road
12:06:27 <Bert> -> https://www.w3.org/2024/07/16-weum-minutes WEUM minutes
12:06:39 <xiaoqian> Bert: we had a meeting last Tuesday
12:07:06 <xiaoqian> ... we talked about the EU football champion
12:08:10 <xiaoqian> ... we talked about the new French government and how the new party form one
12:08:41 <xiaoqian> ... the Olympic Games, swimming games will take place
12:09:06 <xiaoqian> ... Bosch is leaving because they are only interested in Automotive
12:09:45 <xiaoqian> ... koalie was working on the TAG appointees and the Diversity Report
12:09:58 <xiaoqian> ... Kevin was invited to the ICCHP
12:10:24 <xiaoqian> ... he also mentioned research on a11y with games
12:10:41 <xiaoqian> ... Marie was working on guests of TPAC
12:10:55 <xiaoqian> ... also launched 3 courses on the W3Cx platform
12:10:58 <Ralph> ICCHP: "International Conference on Computers Helping People with Special Needs"
12:11:13 <xiaoqian> ... I'm working on the TPAC signage
12:11:43 <xiaoqian> ... also working on the charter for the spatial data wg, should create an issue on it
12:11:57 <xiaoqian> ... Daniel is working on a WAI ARIA draft charter
12:12:05 <xiaoqian> ... and a submission
12:12:14 <xiaoqian> ... it's warm here in France
12:12:22 <xueyuan> -> https://www.w3.org/2024/07/17-beihang-minutes.html China site meeting 2024-07-17
12:12:22 <Bert> q?
12:12:52 <xiaoqian> xueyuan: this week, Angel was invited to an IEEE meeting in Shanghai, introduce the AI work in W3C
12:13:13 <xiaoqian> ... also preparing for the FID event in China
12:13:36 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2024/07/18-global-minutes.html Ralph
12:13:45 <xiaoqian> ... Roy working on the Chinese DID CG, and we talked about the translation of ARIA in HTML spec
12:13:58 <xiaoqian> ... Fuqiao published a few specs in i18n
12:14:06 <xiaoqian> ... xiaoqian talked to a few members
12:14:17 <xiaoqian> ... Zhenjie was working the preparation of TPAC
12:14:24 <Ralph> regrets+ Seth, Dom, Yves
12:14:36 <Bert> q?
12:14:43 <xiaoqian> ... we also talk about PLH's trip, he deserves an vacation before the busy trip
12:14:51 <xiaoqian> zakim, next item
12:14:51 <Zakim> agendum 2 -- Highlight corner / infoshare - 10 mn -- taken up [from agendabot]
12:14:52 <Ralph> Xueyuan-keeping-plh-busy++
12:14:55 <marie> q+
12:15:04 <Bert> ack mar
12:15:14 <dmontalvo> q+
12:15:15 <marie> https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xjFWQMuXfnZiUFnPAD47FuDSnJMD0ImNmTt6-OB3kw8/edit?gid=0#gid=0
12:15:17 <xiaoqian> marie: bert mentioned the guests for TPAC
12:15:24 <xiaoqian> ... this is the wiki page
12:15:43 <xiaoqian> ... don't hesitate to let me know if you have a possible prospect to get an invitation from us
12:15:43 <marie> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Member/chairs/2024AprJun/0089.html
12:16:08 <amy> q+ to mention new AB Priority "collaborating with Team"
12:16:08 <xiaoqian> ... we are looking for video of showcase for our website
12:16:18 <zhenjie> zhenjie has joined &global
12:16:19 <Bert> q?
12:16:25 <Bert> ack dmo
12:16:43 <xiaoqian> dmontalvo: why this WCAG submission takes longer
12:16:58 <xiaoqian> ... we are requested to have a doc document this time
12:17:09 <koalie> s/doc doc/word doc/
12:17:13 <xiaoqian> ... there were some objections related to i18n
12:17:23 <xiaoqian> ... those people were also in ISO
12:17:48 <xiaoqian> ... we need to make sure they have the understanding document
12:17:53 <Bert> q?
12:17:58 <Bert> ack amy
12:17:58 <Zakim> amy, you wanted to mention new AB Priority "collaborating with Team"
12:18:18 <xiaoqian> amy: want to give a heads-up
12:18:51 <xiaoqian> ... in yesterday's AB meeting, they talked about the urge to collaborate with the team more closely
12:19:15 <xiaoqian> ... I offered to help as a team contact, Ralph did a very good job in the past
12:19:17 <Ralph> Amy++
12:19:28 <xiaoqian> ... I can help arrange meetings
12:19:37 <dmontalvo> https://www.w3.org/TR/act-rules-format-1.1/ -> ACT Rules Format 1.1 FPWD
12:19:58 <xiaoqian> ... they received the offer very positively
12:20:19 <xiaoqian> ... I'll update the minute and share with you later
12:21:05 <xiaoqian> ... Igarashi mentioned the Japanese team was doing very well on member relationships
12:21:07 <Bert> q?
12:21:20 <xiaoqian> ... the China team was also mentioned as a good example
12:21:30 <Bert> ack plh
12:21:54 <Bert> q?
12:22:40 <koalie> q+
12:22:43 <Ralph> Team Confidential: Tara Whalen will be our Privacy Lead, starting 1 September
12:22:45 <xiaoqian> plh: we finalised the details of our new Privacy Lead
12:22:55 <Roy> Roy has joined &global
12:23:21 <xiaoqian> ... she will only be able to attend TPAC on the last day, and the team day
12:23:24 <koalie> q- later
12:23:42 <xiaoqian> ... she used to one of the co-chairs of a Privacy TF
12:24:06 <xiaoqian> ... big thanks to the interview committee
12:24:08 <Bert> ack koa
12:24:19 <ivan> -> A short CV of Tara https://cyberlaw.stanford.edu/about/people/tara-whalen
12:24:42 <amy> +1 to talking about gender and geo diversity of Team (with some care for privacy)
12:24:59 <xiaoqian> koalie: after we published the diversity report 2024, wonder if we want look into the status of gender and geography
12:25:19 <xiaoqian> ... how we want to communicate with the AB and the board
12:25:20 <Bert> q?
12:25:29 <xiaoqian> amy: it's a great point
12:26:02 <xiaoqian> ... I think in many backgrounds, we should pay attention to privacy and details
12:26:09 <Bert> q?
12:26:19 <kevin> +1 for Team stats
12:26:28 <ivan> +1 as well
12:26:28 <xiaoqian> bert: showing how we distribute isn't a problem to me
12:26:33 <xiaoqian> zakim, next item
12:26:33 <Zakim> agendum 3 -- New-member corner - 5 mn -- taken up [from agendabot]
12:26:35 <amy> I wonder if we should do some Team photos (not quite "headshots" at TPAC/Team day
12:26:43 <marie> +1!
12:26:50 <marie> q+
12:26:51 <amy> s/headshots"/headdhots")
12:26:54 <Bert> ack mar
12:27:06 <xiaoqian> marie: we have 3 new members this week
12:27:12 <marie> KurrawongAI
12:27:13 <xiaoqian> ... all in start-up level
12:27:36 <xiaoqian> ... KurrawongAI, an Australia based company
12:27:48 <xfq> +1 to a new Team photo, indeed
12:27:53 <marie> SHACL and spatial Semantic Web data!
12:28:06 <xiaoqian> ... he introduced himself in the AC-forum ML, interested in semantics and data
12:28:41 <marie> MKR Digital
12:29:05 <xiaoqian> ... next one is, OISTE, interested in Privacy, simone might know more
12:29:18 <marie> https://www.worddb.com/
12:29:27 <xiaoqian> ... MKR Digital, a UK member
12:29:29 <marie> s/OISTE/OISTE Foundation
12:29:57 <xiaoqian> Bert: I looked at their website, from Dorset, closed to where Tim lived
12:30:02 <naomi> q+
12:30:11 <Bert> ack nao
12:30:48 <naomi> https://www.w3.org/Team/wiki/Onboaring_archive
12:30:52 <xiaoqian> naomi: member-relation offer on boarding calls
12:31:00 <xiaoqian> ... feel free to book one
12:31:24 <xiaoqian> Bert: Gobierno del Principado de Asturias left this week
12:31:35 <ivan> q+
12:31:35 <Bert> q?
12:31:42 <xiaoqian> ... not sure why, perhaps Alex would know
12:31:47 <Bert> ack iva
12:32:43 <xiaoqian> ivan: I don't have information right now, the government of @@ was the one who pushed to create the Spanish office
12:33:13 <xiaoqian> ... something related to the Spanish Royal rule perhaps
12:33:13 <Ralph> s/@@/Asturias/
12:33:18 <Bert> q?
12:33:31 <xiaoqian> daniel: we have a female queen in line
12:33:35 <xiaoqian> zakim, next item
12:33:35 <Zakim> agendum 4 -- Zoom transcriptions - 5 mn -- taken up [from agendabot]
12:34:03 <xiaoqian> bert: last week some one turned on the auto transcription
12:34:07 <Bert> ack ral
12:34:24 <xiaoqian> ... Ralph was curious what's our opinions
12:34:41 <kevin> q+
12:34:43 <xiaoqian> Ralph: what's your experience with this feature?
12:34:57 <xiaoqian> Bert: for me, it sometimes helps
12:35:24 <xiaoqian> ... we used it in the Math WG, to improve the minutes
12:35:28 <Roy> Roy has joined &global
12:35:38 <Bert> q?
12:35:43 <xiaoqian> ... we didn't keep them, and let them expire on Zoom
12:35:54 <xiaoqian> ... there was limits, they had many errors
12:35:58 <dmontalvo> q+
12:36:04 <Bert> ack dm
12:36:24 <xiaoqian> daniel: the ACT TF relied on this feature
12:36:43 <Bert> ack kev
12:36:43 <xiaoqian> ... she used it to help understand the conversation
12:36:57 <xiaoqian> kevin: I see a few people turned it on
12:37:05 <xiaoqian> ... I guess it's for the same reason
12:37:17 <xiaoqian> ... we also have people using the AI companion
12:37:47 <xiaoqian> ... not sure how the two were related
12:38:01 <Ralph> scribe+
12:38:15 <Ralph> Xiaoqian: we found auto-transcript very useful but AI companion not so much
12:38:19 <xfq> q+
12:38:30 <Ralph> ... when people have difficulty following English conversation
12:38:37 <Bert> ack xf
12:38:45 <xiaoqian> xfq: it's sometimes useful for the non-native speakers
12:38:45 <kaz> q+
12:38:52 <Ralph> scribe-
12:39:14 <xiaoqian> ... for those meetings that have Chinese participants and English speakers
12:39:36 <Bert> ack kaz
12:39:38 <xiaoqian> ... it's nice that Zoom allows people to choose to enable it
12:39:53 <xiaoqian> kaz: the Japan team also have some discussions about this feature
12:40:12 <xiaoqian> ... in June for a meeting with DanielA
12:40:32 <xiaoqian> ... my feeling is that it's useful but we should be careful
12:40:43 <xiaoqian> ... when the speaker isn't a native speaker
12:40:55 <xiaoqian> ... it might look messy
12:41:13 <xiaoqian> ... people might be concentrating on the transcription rather than the speaker
12:41:15 <Bert> q?
12:41:18 <Bert> ack ral
12:41:25 <xiaoqian> ... would be nice to have some guidelines
12:41:49 <xiaoqian> Ralph: thank you for the feedback, especially Kaz's comments
12:42:30 <xiaoqian> ... as for kevin's comment, vivien and I spent a little of time on the privacy policy of Zoom
12:42:59 <amy> +1 to note that for questions of international communication I can see the use, but I'd like to advocate we NOT use AI when possible
12:43:07 <amy> q+
12:43:11 <xiaoqian> ... we still need to figure out how to better use the feature with the privacy policy
12:43:19 <Bert> ack amy
12:44:04 <xiaoqian> amy: I completely understand the importance of usage of this feature, to help smooth the conmmucation
12:44:14 <Ralph> s/little of time on/little bit of time after there have been requests to enable AI Companion in our accounts to look at/
12:44:16 <xiaoqian> ... but we should be cautious about using AI features
12:44:18 <kevin> Don't want to drag out conversation but it is worth bearing in mind that the AI companion can help inclusion
12:44:23 <xiaoqian> zakim, next item
12:44:23 <Zakim> agendum 5 -- FPWD ‘ACT Rules Format 1.1’ [Daniel] - 5 mn -- taken up [from agendabot]
12:44:33 <dmontalvo> -> https://www.w3.org/TR/act-rules-format-1.1/ ACT Rules Format 1.1 FPWD
12:44:33 <dmontalvo> 
12:44:33 <dmontalvo> ACT = Accessibility Conformance Testing
12:44:33 <dmontalvo> 
12:44:33 <dmontalvo> Purpose:
12:44:33 <dmontalvo> 
12:44:33 <dmontalvo> * Harmonize test results
12:44:33 <dmontalvo> * Help automatic tool vendors and methodology developers reduce differences of interpretation on WCAG testing
12:44:34 <dmontalvo> 
12:44:34 <dmontalvo> Format defines how to write test rules.
12:44:34 <dmontalvo> 
12:44:34 <dmontalvo> What's new in 1.1?
12:44:34 <dmontalvo> 
12:44:34 <dmontalvo> * New secondary requirements: Included to cover the following scenarios
12:44:34 <dmontalvo>   * Requirements that are stricter than what the rule tests, for example, Contrast Enhanced when testing contrast minimum
12:44:35 <dmontalvo>   * Requirements that are less strict than what the rule tests, for example, Contrast minimum when testing contrast enhanced
12:44:35 <dmontalvo>   * Requirements that correlate with the rule and may be impacted by the rule outcomes, for example, text alternatives and link texts when testing 4.1.2 Name, role, Value.
12:44:35 <dmontalvo> * Subjective applicability
12:44:35 <dmontalvo> * Rearrangement of some sections
12:44:36 <dmontalvo>   * Added "Rules Format" version
12:44:36 <dmontalvo>   * Some minor sections are now grouped in "background".
12:44:36 <dmontalvo> 
12:44:36 <dmontalvo> The group is continuing work on the ruleset. We still have a very small sub set of WCAG requirements. Not everything in WCAG can be automated.
12:47:30 <shawn> shawn has joined &global
12:50:42 <Bert> q?
12:51:05 <xiaoqian> Bert: thanks dmontalvo!
12:51:13 <xiaoqian> zakim, next item
12:51:13 <Zakim> agendum 6 -- An Open Letter to the United Nations [Philippe] - 10 mn -- taken up [from agendabot]
12:51:44 <xiaoqian> plh: I didn't know much about the letter, Ian was the one who brought the topic to W3T
12:52:15 <xiaoqian> ... it's about the initiative called Global Digital Compact
12:52:30 <Ralph> -> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Team/w3t/2024Jul/0011.html FYI: An Open Letter to the United Nations
12:52:31 <xiaoqian> ... I was curious about people's opinion
12:52:50 <xiaoqian> ... Seth was thinking about hiring someone to take care of liaison
12:53:06 <xiaoqian> ... to keep track of this kind of stuffs
12:53:12 <Bert> q?
12:53:35 <naomi> q+
12:53:56 <xiaoqian> bert: I only looked about some fragments, which looked very reasonable to me
12:54:02 <Bert> ack nao
12:54:34 <xiaoqian> naomi: I've been contacted by a member, who wanted to jointly signed the letter
12:54:42 <xiaoqian> ... who should we contact?
12:54:50 <Bert> ack ral
12:54:55 <amy> q+ to mention policy and political issues re: W3C joining as  "joint" signer
12:54:56 <xiaoqian> plh: I don't know, it's not a W3C effort
12:55:14 <ivan> q+
12:55:20 <xiaoqian> Ralph: I'd recommend they look at the letter, and contact the department in the UN
12:55:20 <Bert> ack amy
12:55:20 <Zakim> amy, you wanted to mention policy and political issues re: W3C joining as  "joint" signer
12:56:01 <xiaoqian> amy: to clarify, by a joint signature, do they want it to be signed by W3C?
12:56:15 <xiaoqian> naomi: no, not at all, just by themselves
12:56:19 <amy> I withdraw my concern about W3C as an org signing
12:56:22 <Bert> ack iva
12:56:43 <xiaoqian> ivan: I agree with you, there were a lot of nice things in the proposal
12:57:33 <Ralph> [Naomi, you might point the person who asked you to the bottom of -> https://open-internet-governance.org/press-release "Information for the Press" cited at the bottom of the letter.  That page provides a contact email address]
12:57:34 <xiaoqian> ... I'm a bit concerned about participants, almost all governmental bodies, @@@
12:57:45 <amy> q+
12:57:59 <xiaoqian> ... no technical bodies, so I'm worries about how it goes
12:58:11 <Bert> q?
12:58:18 <Bert> ack amy
12:58:19 <xiaoqian> ... they also reached out to big Techs, which is even more scaring
12:58:44 <xiaoqian> amy: ivan's point is very good
12:59:10 <Bert> q?
12:59:43 <xiaoqian> bert: does anyone what's the UN going to do with it?
12:59:49 <Bert> q?
12:59:54 <Ralph> The Internet has become such an important part of everything that politics has certainly become a factor
12:59:56 <xiaoqian> ivan: they didn't say in the document on their website
13:00:14 <amy> +1 Ralph
13:00:16 <xiaoqian> bert: there will be another meeting next week
13:00:23 <xiaoqian> ... have a nice day!
13:00:27 <xiaoqian> [adjourned]
13:00:49 <koalie> RRSAgent, make logs team
13:00:56 <Ralph> zakim, end meeting
13:00:56 <Zakim> As of this point the attendees have been xiaoqian, kaz, ivan, Ralph, Bert, r12a, Coralie, xueyuan, marie, plh, kevin, naomi, xfq, amy
13:00:58 <Zakim> RRSAgent, please draft minutes v2
13:00:59 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2024/07/18-global-minutes.html Zakim
13:01:05 <Zakim> I am happy to have been of service, Ralph; please remember to excuse RRSAgent.  Goodbye
13:01:06 <Zakim> Zakim has left &global
13:03:09 <naomi> s/to book one/to input info that could be referred to when at-risk as well/
13:07:42 <naomi> naomi has joined &global
13:16:02 <zhenjie> zhenjie has joined &global
13:19:30 <zhenjie> zhenjie has joined &global
13:21:43 <shawn> shawn has joined &global
13:41:03 <xiaoqian> xiaoqian has joined &global
13:44:20 <r12a> r12a has left &global
14:02:43 <atsushi> atsushi has joined &global
14:10:22 <zhenjie> zhenjie has joined &global
14:11:36 <naomi> naomi has joined &global
14:34:31 <naomi> naomi has joined &global
14:50:10 <Roy> Roy has joined &global
15:11:40 <naomi> naomi has joined &global
