#!/bin/bash

# Test if Bip format is recognized

trap 'rm $TMP1 $TMP2 $TMP3 $TMP4 $TMP5' 0
TMP1=`mktemp /tmp/test-XXXXXX` || exit 1
TMP2=`mktemp /tmp/test-XXXXXX` || exit 1
TMP3=`mktemp /tmp/test-XXXXXX` || exit 1
TMP4=`mktemp /tmp/test-XXXXXX` || exit 1
TMP5=`mktemp /tmp/test-XXXXXX` || exit 1

# Input

cat >$TMP1 <<EOF
18-04-2019 00:54:06 -!- atsushi!himorin@team.cloak has quit ["See you..."]
18-04-2019 01:48:27 -!- atsushi!himorin@team.cloak has joined #i18n
18-04-2019 04:40:14 -!- r12a!rishida@team.cloak has joined #i18n
18-04-2019 04:50:13 -!- atsushi!himorin@team.cloak has quit [Ping timeout: 180 seconds]
18-04-2019 07:58:13 -!- atsushi!himorin@team.cloak has joined #i18n
18-04-2019 08:54:10 -!- xfq!xfq@team.cloak has joined #i18n
18-04-2019 09:52:34 -!- addison!~addison@team.cloak has joined #i18n
18-04-2019 09:52:41 -!- RRSAgent!rrsagent@team.cloak has joined #i18n
18-04-2019 09:52:41 < RRSAgent!rrsagent@team.cloak: logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/04/18-i18n-irc
18-04-2019 09:52:50 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: trackbot, prepare teleconference
18-04-2019 09:52:50 < * trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak is preparing a teleconference.
18-04-2019 09:52:53 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: RRSAgent, make logs world
18-04-2019 09:52:53 < RRSAgent!rrsagent@team.cloak: I have made the request, trackbot
18-04-2019 09:52:56 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: Meeting: Internationalization Working Group Teleconference
18-04-2019 09:52:56 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: Date: 18 April 2019
18-04-2019 09:52:56 -!- Bert!bbos@team.cloak changed topic of #i18n to: WEUM 22 Oct 2019 cancelled
18-04-2019 09:53:15 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Member/member-i18n-core/2019Apr/0012.html
18-04-2019 09:53:17 < agendabot!bbos@team.cloak: clear agenda
18-04-2019 09:53:17 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak notes agenda cleared
18-04-2019 09:53:17 < agendabot!bbos@team.cloak: agenda+ Agenda and Minutes
18-04-2019 09:53:17 < agendabot!bbos@team.cloak: agenda+ Action Items
18-04-2019 09:53:17 < agendabot!bbos@team.cloak: agenda+ Info Share
18-04-2019 09:53:17 < agendabot!bbos@team.cloak: agenda+ RADAR and Active Work Review
18-04-2019 09:53:18 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak notes agendum 1 added
18-04-2019 09:53:18 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak notes agendum 2 added
18-04-2019 09:53:18 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak notes agendum 3 added
18-04-2019 09:53:18 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak notes agendum 4 added
18-04-2019 09:53:19 < agendabot!bbos@team.cloak: agenda+ I18N Issue Resolution
18-04-2019 09:53:20 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak notes agendum 5 added
18-04-2019 09:53:21 < agendabot!bbos@team.cloak: agenda+ Retiring Charmod-Resid
18-04-2019 09:53:21 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak notes agendum 6 added
18-04-2019 09:53:24 < agendabot!bbos@team.cloak: agenda+ Non-Semitic text RTL document review
18-04-2019 09:53:24 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak notes agendum 7 added
18-04-2019 09:53:26 < agendabot!bbos@team.cloak: agenda+ String-Meta
18-04-2019 09:53:26 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak notes agendum 8 added
18-04-2019 09:53:29 < agendabot!bbos@team.cloak: agenda+ AOB?
18-04-2019 09:53:29 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak notes agendum 9 added
18-04-2019 09:53:35 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: agenda+ WoT reviews
18-04-2019 09:53:35 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak notes agendum 10 added
18-04-2019 09:54:04 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: Chair: Addison Phillips
18-04-2019 09:54:05 < * xfq!xfq@team.cloak saw a request to join the i18n telecom from Kaz (in the winter list), addison
18-04-2019 09:54:09 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: Scribenick: addison
18-04-2019 09:54:25 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak rrsagent, draft minutes
18-04-2019 09:54:25 < RRSAgent!rrsagent@team.cloak: I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/04/18-i18n-minutes.html addison
18-04-2019 09:54:30 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak rrsagent, set logs world
18-04-2019 09:54:30 < * RRSAgent!rrsagent@team.cloak I have made the request, addison
18-04-2019 09:55:32 < * xfq!xfq@team.cloak s/telecom/telecon/
18-04-2019 09:56:36 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak thanks. I invited them
18-04-2019 09:57:43 -!- Jeff_!~Jeff@team.cloak has joined #i18n
18-04-2019 09:59:17 < r12a!rishida@team.cloak: present+
18-04-2019 09:59:18 < atsushi!himorin@team.cloak: present+
18-04-2019 09:59:24 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: present+
18-04-2019 09:59:32 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak rresent, set logs world
18-04-2019 10:00:09 < * r12a!rishida@team.cloak addison Kaz asked me this morning whether he should join - i said he'd need to ask you (as it was late notice) - he's available today, or could try next week
18-04-2019 10:00:25 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak I replied to his email saying they were welcome to
18-04-2019 10:00:46 > * Bert is still in another meeting, will join late.
18-04-2019 10:00:50 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak seems like it would be good to get their input
18-04-2019 10:01:08 < * xfq!xfq@team.cloak is on the way
18-04-2019 10:01:14 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak thanks Bert, we'll save some action items for you :-P
18-04-2019 10:02:17 -!- kaz!ashimura@team.cloak has joined #i18n
18-04-2019 10:02:34 < Jeff_!~Jeff@team.cloak: present+
18-04-2019 10:02:41 < * xfq!xfq@team.cloak waves at kaz
18-04-2019 10:02:54 < xfq!xfq@team.cloak: present+
18-04-2019 10:02:57 -!- JcK!~JcK@team.cloak has joined #i18n
18-04-2019 10:03:03 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: present+
18-04-2019 10:03:08 < * kaz!ashimura@team.cloak waves back
18-04-2019 10:03:28 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak meeting info at https://www.w3.org/2017/09/i18n-meeting-info.html
18-04-2019 10:03:35 < * r12a!rishida@team.cloak seems you can't hear me :(
18-04-2019 10:03:45 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak nope
18-04-2019 10:06:12 < * xfq!xfq@team.cloak can
18-04-2019 10:06:24 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: agenda?
18-04-2019 10:06:24 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak sees 10 items remaining on the agenda:
18-04-2019 10:06:25 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 1. Agenda and Minutes [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:06:25 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 2. Action Items [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:06:25 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 3. Info Share [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:06:25 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 4. RADAR and Active Work Review [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:06:25 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 5. I18N Issue Resolution [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:06:25 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 6. Retiring Charmod-Resid [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:06:26 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 7. Non-Semitic text RTL document review [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:06:26 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 8. String-Meta [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:06:27 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 9. AOB? [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:06:27 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 10. WoT reviews [from addison]
18-04-2019 10:07:20 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: zakim, take up agendum 10
18-04-2019 10:07:20 < Zakim!zakim@team.cloak: agendum 10. "WoT reviews" taken up [from addison]
18-04-2019 10:07:26 < JcK!~JcK@team.cloak: present+ JcK
18-04-2019 10:07:41 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: https://github.com/w3c/i18n-activity/projects/1
18-04-2019 10:08:12 -!- mkovatsc_!~mkovatsc@team.cloak has joined #i18n
18-04-2019 10:08:41 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: q+
18-04-2019 10:08:41 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak sees kaz on the speaker queue
18-04-2019 10:08:53 < xfq!xfq@team.cloak: present+ Matthias
18-04-2019 10:08:56 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ack kaz
18-04-2019 10:08:56 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak sees no one on the speaker queue
18-04-2019 10:09:02 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: (addison introduces)
18-04-2019 10:09:05 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: -> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/www-international/2019AprJun/0026.html kaz's write up
18-04-2019 10:09:37 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: kaz: our main purpose is first doc
18-04-2019 10:09:38 < xfq!xfq@team.cloak: present+ Sebastian
18-04-2019 10:09:44 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... other is kind of basic concepts
18-04-2019 10:09:50 < r12a!rishida@team.cloak: q+
18-04-2019 10:09:50 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak sees r12a on the speaker queue
18-04-2019 10:10:05 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... our schedule, we'd like to bring to CR at end of the month
18-04-2019 10:10:27 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... already has some i18n features
18-04-2019 10:10:35 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... like to know if this is okay
18-04-2019 10:11:03 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: s/first doc/first doc, WoT Thing Description/
18-04-2019 10:11:33 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ack r12a
18-04-2019 10:11:33 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak sees no one on the speaker queue
18-04-2019 10:12:39 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: richard: doc I'm looking at is not in a w3c repo
18-04-2019 10:12:52 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... would prefer if it were in w3c repo before we review
18-04-2019 10:13:21 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: kaz: updating the draft daily, but generated fixed version using branch
18-04-2019 10:13:40 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... better to publish as updated draft
18-04-2019 10:13:54 < mkovatsc_!~mkovatsc@team.cloak: W3C repo: https://github.com/w3c/wot-thing-description/
18-04-2019 10:14:20 < mkovatsc_!~mkovatsc@team.cloak: q+
18-04-2019 10:14:20 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak sees mkovatsc_ on the speaker queue
18-04-2019 10:14:55 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ack mkovatsc_
18-04-2019 10:14:55 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak sees no one on the speaker queue
18-04-2019 10:15:12 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: mathias: our doc is on github
18-04-2019 10:16:53 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... would having a meeting to guide you helpful?
18-04-2019 10:17:47 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: richard: if you can review our checklist, that will help you guide us
18-04-2019 10:17:51 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: s/better to publish as updated draft/if needed, I can copy the fixed HTML to the www.w3.org server./
18-04-2019 10:18:15 < * xfq!xfq@team.cloak can not hear r12a clearly
18-04-2019 10:18:18 > * Bert only richard's sound is bad
18-04-2019 10:18:25 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: s/... would having/sebastian: would having /
18-04-2019 10:18:59 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... think it is a good idea for you to look through and identify things important for us to review
18-04-2019 10:19:11 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... we will likely look other places too, but it will still help
18-04-2019 10:19:28 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... https://www.w3.org/International/techniques/shortchecklist.html
18-04-2019 10:19:40 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... points to more detailed checklist also
18-04-2019 10:20:00 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... if you go through and see if there are things to pay attention to while doing review
18-04-2019 10:20:12 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... we have to understand your document in just a few days
18-04-2019 10:20:31 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak rrsagent, draft minutes
18-04-2019 10:20:31 < RRSAgent!rrsagent@team.cloak: I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/04/18-i18n-minutes.html addison
18-04-2019 10:20:44 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: i|if you go through|-> https://www.w3.org/International/techniques/developing-specs detailed checklist|
18-04-2019 10:21:19 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: addison: anything you want to call attention to?
18-04-2019 10:21:34 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: mathias: we will send you links to paths of doc
18-04-2019 10:21:42 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... and double check guidelines
18-04-2019 10:21:49 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: s/matthias:/sebastian:/
18-04-2019 10:22:11 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: richard: can you give a brief overview of docs?
18-04-2019 10:22:32 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: kaz: easiest way to explain is
18-04-2019 10:22:37 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... everyone knows html
18-04-2019 10:22:48 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... thing description is for devices
18-04-2019 10:22:52 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: s/kaz:/sebastian:/
18-04-2019 10:22:54 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... index html for things
18-04-2019 10:23:09 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... describe capabilities of things
18-04-2019 10:23:22 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... properties, action events
18-04-2019 10:23:26 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... data expected
18-04-2019 10:23:26 < * kaz!ashimura@team.cloak thinks the explainer document might be also useful here https://github.com/w3c/wot-thing-description/blob/TD-TAG-review/explainer/Explainer.md
18-04-2019 10:23:37 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... protocol, such as http or some other iot protocol
18-04-2019 10:23:52 < r12a!rishida@team.cloak: uhoh
18-04-2019 10:23:54 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... RDF based
18-04-2019 10:23:58 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak ;-)
18-04-2019 10:24:03 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: Explainer: https://github.com/w3c/wot-thing-description/blob/TD-TAG-review/explainer/Explainer.md
18-04-2019 10:24:29 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: Sebastian: what is the action about, title and description terms
18-04-2019 10:24:35 < r12a!rishida@team.cloak: https://w3c.github.io/string-meta/
18-04-2019 10:24:38 < * kaz!ashimura@team.cloak tx, addison!
18-04-2019 10:24:40 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... multiple language support
18-04-2019 10:25:28 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: r12a: is there some kind of markup involved? how is information stored
18-04-2019 10:25:49 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: sebastian: thing description can be stored in different ways
18-04-2019 10:26:12 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: matthias: json based interchange format
18-04-2019 10:26:18 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... aligned with JSON-LD
18-04-2019 10:26:23 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... so JSON 1.1 could be used
18-04-2019 10:26:38 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... model for json structure so can be machine read
18-04-2019 10:26:50 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... have a few human-readable fields
18-04-2019 10:27:06 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: richard: put a link to string-meta, should read carefully
18-04-2019 10:27:21 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... anticipating comments, since we have identified problems with RDF and LD
18-04-2019 10:27:33 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... involving base direction
18-04-2019 10:28:02 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: Matthias: not a format for display
18-04-2019 10:28:10 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: q+
18-04-2019 10:28:10 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak sees kaz on the speaker queue
18-04-2019 10:29:35 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ack kaz
18-04-2019 10:29:35 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak sees no one on the speaker queue
18-04-2019 10:29:57 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: kaz: have discussion with ld group, including iherman@
18-04-2019 10:30:24 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... model describes device properties and how to control using actions and events
18-04-2019 10:30:36 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... concentrating on how to dea with devices properties
18-04-2019 10:31:28 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: s/iherman@/Ivan Herman/
18-04-2019 10:31:51 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: s/dea with/deal with/
18-04-2019 10:32:20 < r12a!rishida@team.cloak: Requester provides target URL to initate T2T
18-04-2019 10:32:53 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: s/initate/initiate/
18-04-2019 10:33:43 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: kaz: will look into detailed checklist
18-04-2019 10:35:26 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: addison: only one telecon before end of month
18-04-2019 10:35:45 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: r12a: would like to understand why you didn't come forward sooner
18-04-2019 10:35:49 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... were you unaware?
18-04-2019 10:36:11 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: matthias: didn't understand process
18-04-2019 10:36:28 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: richard: need to find way to understand process earlier on
18-04-2019 10:36:42 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... also maybe having an i18n champion in WG
18-04-2019 10:36:57 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: kaz: had important technical problems
18-04-2019 10:37:02 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... took longer than we expect
18-04-2019 10:37:51 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: addison: used to reviewing very raw specs
18-04-2019 10:38:54 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: matthias: reached out in tpac
18-04-2019 10:39:24 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... something fell between lines
18-04-2019 10:39:34 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... good if some kind of early registration mechanism
18-04-2019 10:40:15 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: s/had important/first of all, very sorry as the team contact that we couldn't bring this earlier. there were important/
18-04-2019 10:40:35 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak rrsagent, draft minutes
18-04-2019 10:40:35 < RRSAgent!rrsagent@team.cloak: I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/04/18-i18n-minutes.html addison
18-04-2019 10:40:53 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: richard: would having a champion in your WG be helpful?
18-04-2019 10:41:09 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: agenda?
18-04-2019 10:41:09 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak sees 10 items remaining on the agenda:
18-04-2019 10:41:10 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 1. Agenda and Minutes [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:41:10 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 2. Action Items [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:41:10 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 3. Info Share [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:41:10 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 4. RADAR and Active Work Review [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:41:10 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 5. I18N Issue Resolution [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:41:10 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 6. Retiring Charmod-Resid [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:41:11 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 7. Non-Semitic text RTL document review [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:41:11 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 8. String-Meta [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:41:11 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 9. AOB? [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:41:11 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 10. WoT reviews [from addison]
18-04-2019 10:42:11 < kaz!ashimura@team.cloak: kaz: as part of the w3c project team as well as the team contact for wot, yes, i agree
18-04-2019 10:44:57 < * kaz!ashimura@team.cloak tx you very much, all!!!
18-04-2019 10:45:05 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: zakim, take up agendum 2
18-04-2019 10:45:05 < Zakim!zakim@team.cloak: agendum 2. "Action Items" taken up [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:45:09 -!- kaz!ashimura@team.cloak has left #i18n [Leaving]
18-04-2019 10:45:15 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: https://www.w3.org/International/track/actions/open
18-04-2019 10:45:51 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: action-764?
18-04-2019 10:45:51 < * trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak is looking up action-764.
18-04-2019 10:45:52 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: action-764 -- Addison Phillips to Check if unicode describes backwards deletion clearly and develop doc if not -- due 2018-10-30 -- OPEN
18-04-2019 10:45:52 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: https://www.w3.org/International/track/actions/764
18-04-2019 10:46:03 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: addison: PR?
18-04-2019 10:47:33 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: action-774?
18-04-2019 10:47:33 < * trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak is looking up action-774.
18-04-2019 10:47:33 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: action-774 -- Richard Ishida to Publish first public working draft of string-meta -- due 2019-02-07 -- OPEN
18-04-2019 10:47:33 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: https://www.w3.org/International/track/actions/774
18-04-2019 10:47:38 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: close action-774
18-04-2019 10:47:38 < * trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak is closing action-774.
18-04-2019 10:47:38 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: Closed action-774.
18-04-2019 10:47:43 -!- mkovatsc_!~mkovatsc@team.cloak has quit ["Page closed"]
18-04-2019 10:47:53 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: action-795?
18-04-2019 10:47:53 < * trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak is looking up action-795.
18-04-2019 10:47:53 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: action-795 -- Addison Phillips to Send issue 521 to css -- due 2019-04-11 -- OPEN
18-04-2019 10:47:53 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: https://www.w3.org/International/track/actions/795
18-04-2019 10:48:02 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: close action-795
18-04-2019 10:48:02 < * trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak is closing action-795.
18-04-2019 10:48:02 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: Closed action-795.
18-04-2019 10:48:19 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: action-797?
18-04-2019 10:48:19 < * trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak is looking up action-797.
18-04-2019 10:48:19 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: action-797 -- Atsushi Shimono to Start writing weekly summary of new/tracked issues -- due 2019-04-18 -- OPEN
18-04-2019 10:48:19 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: https://www.w3.org/International/track/actions/797
18-04-2019 10:49:00 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak rrsagent, draft minutes
18-04-2019 10:49:00 < RRSAgent!rrsagent@team.cloak: I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/04/18-i18n-minutes.html addison
18-04-2019 10:49:07 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: atsushi: including one line of description
18-04-2019 10:49:24 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: richard: including 2 in chinese, one at bottom
18-04-2019 10:49:49 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: atsushi: included some from lreqs
18-04-2019 10:49:56 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: richard: only include if questions
18-04-2019 10:51:14 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: action-798?
18-04-2019 10:51:14 < * trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak is looking up action-798.
18-04-2019 10:51:14 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: action-798 -- Addison Phillips to Make new autocapitalization issue against html based on today's discussion -- due 2019-04-18 -- OPEN
18-04-2019 10:51:14 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: https://www.w3.org/International/track/actions/798
18-04-2019 10:51:18 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: close action-798
18-04-2019 10:51:18 < * trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak is closing action-798.
18-04-2019 10:51:18 < trackbot!trackbot@team.cloak: Closed action-798.
18-04-2019 10:51:25 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: agenda?
18-04-2019 10:51:25 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak sees 10 items remaining on the agenda:
18-04-2019 10:51:26 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 1. Agenda and Minutes [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:51:26 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 2. Action Items [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:51:26 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 3. Info Share [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:51:26 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 4. RADAR and Active Work Review [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:51:26 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 5. I18N Issue Resolution [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:51:26 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 6. Retiring Charmod-Resid [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:51:27 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 7. Non-Semitic text RTL document review [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:51:27 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 8. String-Meta [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:51:27 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 9. AOB? [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:51:27 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 10. WoT reviews [from addison]
18-04-2019 10:51:33 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: zakim, take up agendum 3
18-04-2019 10:51:33 < Zakim!zakim@team.cloak: agendum 3. "Info Share" taken up [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:51:58 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: regrets next week from addison
18-04-2019 10:52:06 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak rrsagent, draft minutes
18-04-2019 10:52:06 < RRSAgent!rrsagent@team.cloak: I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/04/18-i18n-minutes.html addison
18-04-2019 10:52:25 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: richard: LTR/RTL doc being reworked
18-04-2019 10:52:34 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: ... have a look at new version
18-04-2019 10:52:44 < r12a!rishida@team.cloak: http://w3c.github.io/i18n-drafts/questions/qa-ltr-scripts-in-rtl.en.html
18-04-2019 10:52:56 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak rrsagent, draft minutes
18-04-2019 10:52:56 < RRSAgent!rrsagent@team.cloak: I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/04/18-i18n-minutes.html addison
18-04-2019 10:53:33 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: zakim, take up agendum 6
18-04-2019 10:53:33 < Zakim!zakim@team.cloak: agendum 6. "Retiring Charmod-Resid" taken up [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:54:38 < r12a!rishida@team.cloak: https://www.w3.org/TR/2004/CR-charmod-resid-20041122/
18-04-2019 10:55:33 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: proposed: retire charmod-resid; convert to WD and then convert to Note and retire it
18-04-2019 10:55:56 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: jck: choice is either "please don't read this" or do lots of work
18-04-2019 10:58:01 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: please vote on retiring charmod-resid
18-04-2019 10:58:03 < r12a!rishida@team.cloak: +1
18-04-2019 10:58:04 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: +1
18-04-2019 10:58:08 < xfq!xfq@team.cloak: +1
18-04-2019 10:58:10 < Jeff_!~Jeff@team.cloak: +1
18-04-2019 10:58:11 < JcK!~JcK@team.cloak: +1
18-04-2019 10:58:16 < atsushi!himorin@team.cloak: unicode byte列のデータだけでは＋１
18-04-2019 10:58:27 < atsushi!himorin@team.cloak: s/unicode byte列のデータだけでは＋１/+1/
18-04-2019 10:58:43 > Bert: +1
18-04-2019 10:59:16 < * JcK!~JcK@team.cloak would love to vote "euthanize" rather tnan "retire"
18-04-2019 10:59:20 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: RESOLVED: retire charmod-resid (withdraw from CR, convert to WD, and publish as retired Note)
18-04-2019 10:59:43 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: agenda?
18-04-2019 10:59:43 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak sees 10 items remaining on the agenda:
18-04-2019 10:59:44 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 1. Agenda and Minutes [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:59:44 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 2. Action Items [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:59:44 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 3. Info Share [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:59:44 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 4. RADAR and Active Work Review [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:59:44 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 5. I18N Issue Resolution [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:59:44 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 6. Retiring Charmod-Resid [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:59:45 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 7. Non-Semitic text RTL document review [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:59:45 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 8. String-Meta [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:59:45 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 9. AOB? [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 10:59:45 < * Zakim!zakim@team.cloak 10. WoT reviews [from addison]
18-04-2019 10:59:53 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: zakim, take up agendum 9
18-04-2019 10:59:53 < Zakim!zakim@team.cloak: agendum 9. "AOB?" taken up [from agendabot]
18-04-2019 11:05:34 < addison!~addison@team.cloak: next week's telecon canceled
18-04-2019 11:07:00 < * addison!~addison@team.cloak rrsagent, draft minutes
18-04-2019 11:07:00 < RRSAgent!rrsagent@team.cloak: I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/04/18-i18n-minutes.html addison
18-04-2019 11:09:08 -!- xfq!xfq@team.cloak has quit ["Leaving"]
18-04-2019 11:17:39 -!- atsushi!himorin@team.cloak has quit ["See you..."]
18-04-2019 11:22:41 -!- addison!~addison@team.cloak has quit ["Page closed"]
18-04-2019 11:53:09 < r12a!rishida@team.cloak: s/<r12a> uhoh//
18-04-2019 11:53:17 < r12a!rishida@team.cloak: rrsagent, draft minutes
18-04-2019 11:53:17 < RRSAgent!rrsagent@team.cloak: I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/04/18-i18n-minutes.html r12a
18-04-2019 11:54:36 < r12a!rishida@team.cloak: s/<r12a> Requester provides target URL to initiate T2T//
18-04-2019 11:54:38 < r12a!rishida@team.cloak: rrsagent, draft minutes
18-04-2019 11:54:38 < RRSAgent!rrsagent@team.cloak: I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/04/18-i18n-minutes.html r12a
18-04-2019 11:54:56 -!- myles!~textual@team.cloak has joined #i18n
18-04-2019 12:13:29 -!- Jeff_!~Jeff@team.cloak has quit [Ping timeout: 180 seconds]
EOF

# Expected result

cat >$TMP4 <<EOF
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>Internationalization Working Group Teleconference &ndash; 18 April 2019</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>&ndash; DRAFT &ndash;<br>
Internationalization Working Group Teleconference</h1>
<h2>18 April 2019</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Member/member-i18n-core/2019Apr/0012.html"><img alt="Agenda." title="Agenda" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/chronometer.png"></a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/2019/04/18-i18n-irc"><img alt="IRC log." title="IRC log" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/text-plain.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>addison, atsushi, JcK, Jeff_, kaz, Matthias, r12a, Sebastian, xfq</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>-</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>Addison Phillips</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>addison</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t01">WoT reviews</a></li>
<li><a href="#t02">Action Items</a></li>
<li><a href="#t03">Info Share</a></li>
<li><a href="#t04">Retiring Charmod-Resid</a></li>
<li><a href="#t05">AOB?</a></li>
<li class=app><a href="#ResolutionSummary">Summary of resolutions</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section><p id=x002 class=summary>trackbot, prepare teleconference</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t01>WoT reviews</h3>
<p id=x032 class=summary><a href="https://github.com/w3c/i18n-activity/projects/1">https://<wbr>github.com/<wbr>w3c/<wbr>i18n-activity/<wbr>projects/<wbr>1</a></p>
<p id=x036 class=summary>(addison introduces)</p>
<p id=x037 class=irc><cite>&lt;kaz&gt;</cite> <a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/www-international/2019AprJun/0026.html">kaz's write up</a></p>
<p id=x044 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> our main purpose is first doc, WoT Thing Description<br>
<span id=x045>… other is kind of basic concepts</span><br>
<span id=x046>… our schedule, we'd like to bring to CR at end of the month</span><br>
<span id=x047>… already has some i18n features</span><br>
<span id=x048>… like to know if this is okay</span></p>
<p id=x052 class="phone s02"><cite>richard:</cite> doc I'm looking at is not in a w3c repo<br>
<span id=x053>… would prefer if it were in w3c repo before we review</span></p>
<p id=x055 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> updating the draft daily, but generated fixed version using branch<br>
<span id=x056>… if needed, I can copy the fixed HTML to the www.w3.org server.</span></p>
<p id=x057 class=irc><cite>&lt;mkovatsc_&gt;</cite> W3C repo: <a href="https://github.com/w3c/wot-thing-description/">https://<wbr>github.com/<wbr>w3c/<wbr>wot-thing-description/</a></p>
<p id=x060 class="phone s03"><cite>mathias:</cite> our doc is on github</p>
<p id=x061 class="phone s04"><cite>sebastian:</cite> would having  a meeting to guide you helpful?</p>
<p id=x068 class="phone s02"><cite>richard:</cite> if you can review our checklist, that will help you guide us<br>
<span id=x069>… think it is a good idea for you to look through and identify things important for us to review</span><br>
<span id=x070>… we will likely look other places too, but it will still help</span><br>
<span id=x071>… <a href="https://www.w3.org/International/techniques/shortchecklist.html">https://<wbr>www.w3.org/<wbr>International/<wbr>techniques/<wbr>shortchecklist.html</a></span><br>
<span id=x072>… points to more detailed checklist also</span></p>
<p id=x073 class=irc><cite>&lt;kaz&gt;</cite> <a href="https://www.w3.org/International/techniques/developing-specs">detailed checklist</a></p>
<p id=x075 class="phone s02"><cite>richard:</cite> if you go through and see if there are things to pay attention to while doing review<br>
<span id=x076>… we have to understand your document in just a few days</span></p>
<p id=x079 class="phone s05"><cite>addison:</cite> anything you want to call attention to?</p>
<p id=x081 class="phone s03"><cite>mathias:</cite> we will send you links to paths of doc<br>
<span id=x082>… and double check guidelines</span></p>
<p id=x083 class=irc><cite>&lt;kaz&gt;</cite> s/matthias:/sebastian:/</p>
<p id=x084 class="phone s02"><cite>richard:</cite> can you give a brief overview of docs?</p>
<p id=x093 class="phone s04"><cite>sebastian:</cite> easiest way to explain is<br>
<span id=x094>… everyone knows html</span><br>
<span id=x095>… thing description is for devices</span><br>
<span id=x096>… index html for things</span><br>
<span id=x097>… describe capabilities of things</span><br>
<span id=x098>… properties, action events</span><br>
<span id=x099>… data expected</span><br>
<span id=x100>… protocol, such as http or some other iot protocol</span></p>
<p id=x101 class=irc><cite>&lt;r12a&gt;</cite> uhoh</p>
<p id=x102 class="phone s04"><cite>sebastian:</cite> RDF based</p>
<p id=x103 class="phone s06"><cite>Explainer:</cite> <a href="https://github.com/w3c/wot-thing-description/blob/TD-TAG-review/explainer/Explainer.md">https://<wbr>github.com/<wbr>w3c/<wbr>wot-thing-description/<wbr>blob/<wbr>TD-TAG-review/<wbr>explainer/<wbr>Explainer.md</a></p>
<p id=x104 class="phone s04"><cite>Sebastian:</cite> what is the action about, title and description terms</p>
<p id=x105 class=irc><cite>&lt;r12a&gt;</cite> <a href="https://w3c.github.io/string-meta/">https://<wbr>w3c.github.io/<wbr>string-meta/</a></p>
<p id=x106 class="phone s04"><cite>Sebastian:</cite> multiple language support</p>
<p id=x107 class="phone s07"><cite>r12a:</cite> is there some kind of markup involved? how is information stored</p>
<p id=x108 class="phone s04"><cite>sebastian:</cite> thing description can be stored in different ways</p>
<p id=x113 class="phone s08"><cite>matthias:</cite> json based interchange format<br>
<span id=x114>… aligned with JSON-LD</span><br>
<span id=x115>… so JSON 1.1 could be used</span><br>
<span id=x116>… model for json structure so can be machine read</span><br>
<span id=x117>… have a few human-readable fields</span></p>
<p id=x120 class="phone s02"><cite>richard:</cite> put a link to string-meta, should read carefully<br>
<span id=x121>… anticipating comments, since we have identified problems with RDF and LD</span><br>
<span id=x122>… involving base direction</span></p>
<p id=x123 class="phone s08"><cite>Matthias:</cite> not a format for display</p>
<p id=x128 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> have discussion with ld group, including Ivan Herman<br>
<span id=x129>… model describes device properties and how to control using actions and events</span><br>
<span id=x130>… concentrating on how to deal with devices properties</span></p>
<p id=x133 class=irc><cite>&lt;r12a&gt;</cite> Requester provides target URL to initiate T2T</p>
<p id=x135 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> will look into detailed checklist</p>
<p id=x136 class="phone s05"><cite>addison:</cite> only one telecon before end of month</p>
<p id=x138 class="phone s07"><cite>r12a:</cite> would like to understand why you didn't come forward sooner<br>
<span id=x139>… were you unaware?</span></p>
<p id=x140 class="phone s08"><cite>matthias:</cite> didn't understand process</p>
<p id=x142 class="phone s02"><cite>richard:</cite> need to find way to understand process earlier on<br>
<span id=x143>… also maybe having an i18n champion in WG</span></p>
<p id=x145 class="phone s01"><cite>kaz:</cite> first of all, very sorry as the team contact that we couldn't bring this earlier. there were important technical problems<br>
<span id=x146>… took longer than we expect</span></p>
<p id=x147 class="phone s05"><cite>addison:</cite> used to reviewing very raw specs</p>
<p id=x150 class="phone s08"><cite>matthias:</cite> reached out in tpac<br>
<span id=x151>… something fell between lines</span><br>
<span id=x152>… good if some kind of early registration mechanism</span></p>
<p id=x155 class="phone s02"><cite>richard:</cite> would having a champion in your WG be helpful?</p>
<p id=x157 class=irc><cite>&lt;kaz&gt;</cite> kaz: as part of the w3c project team as well as the team contact for wot, yes, i agree</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t02>Action Items</h3>
<p id=x160 class=summary><a href="https://www.w3.org/International/track/actions/open">https://<wbr>www.w3.org/<wbr>International/<wbr>track/<wbr>actions/<wbr>open</a></p>
<p id=x161 class=summary>action-764?</p>
<p id=x162 class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://www.w3.org/International/track/actions/764">action-764</a>:</strong> Addison Phillips to Check if unicode describes backwards deletion clearly and develop doc if not -- due 2018-10-30 -- OPEN</p>
<p id=x164 class="phone s05"><cite>addison:</cite> PR?</p>
<p id=x165 class=summary>action-774?</p>
<p id=x166 class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://www.w3.org/International/track/actions/774">action-774</a>:</strong> Richard Ishida to Publish first public working draft of string-meta -- due 2019-02-07 -- OPEN</p>
<p id=x168 class=summary>close action-774</p>
<p id=x169 class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> Closed action-774.</p>
<p id=x170 class=summary>action-795?</p>
<p id=x171 class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://www.w3.org/International/track/actions/795">action-795</a>:</strong> Addison Phillips to Send issue 521 to css -- due 2019-04-11 -- OPEN</p>
<p id=x173 class=summary>close action-795</p>
<p id=x174 class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> Closed action-795.</p>
<p id=x175 class=summary>action-797?</p>
<p id=x176 class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://www.w3.org/International/track/actions/797">action-797</a>:</strong> Atsushi Shimono to Start writing weekly summary of new/tracked issues -- due 2019-04-18 -- OPEN</p>
<p id=x179 class="phone s09"><cite>atsushi:</cite> including one line of description</p>
<p id=x180 class="phone s02"><cite>richard:</cite> including 2 in chinese, one at bottom</p>
<p id=x181 class="phone s09"><cite>atsushi:</cite> included some from lreqs</p>
<p id=x182 class="phone s02"><cite>richard:</cite> only include if questions</p>
<p id=x183 class=summary>action-798?</p>
<p id=x184 class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://www.w3.org/International/track/actions/798">action-798</a>:</strong> Addison Phillips to Make new autocapitalization issue against html based on today's discussion -- due 2019-04-18 -- OPEN</p>
<p id=x186 class=summary>close action-798</p>
<p id=x187 class=bot><cite>&lt;trackbot&gt;</cite> Closed action-798.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t03>Info Share</h3>
<p id=x191 class=summary>regrets next week from addison</p>
<p id=x194 class="phone s02"><cite>richard:</cite> LTR/RTL doc being reworked<br>
<span id=x195>… have a look at new version</span></p>
<p id=x196 class=irc><cite>&lt;r12a&gt;</cite> <a href="http://w3c.github.io/i18n-drafts/questions/qa-ltr-scripts-in-rtl.en.html">http://<wbr>w3c.github.io/<wbr>i18n-drafts/<wbr>questions/<wbr>qa-ltr-scripts-in-rtl.en.html</a></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t04>Retiring Charmod-Resid</h3>
<p id=x200 class=irc><cite>&lt;r12a&gt;</cite> <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/2004/CR-charmod-resid-20041122/">https://<wbr>www.w3.org/<wbr>TR/<wbr>2004/<wbr>CR-charmod-resid-20041122/</a></p>
<p id=x201 class=summary>proposed: retire charmod-resid; convert to WD and then convert to Note and retire it</p>
<p id=x202 class="phone s10"><cite>jck:</cite> choice is either &quot;please don't read this&quot; or do lots of work</p>
<p id=x203 class=summary>please vote on retiring charmod-resid</p>
<p id=x204 class=irc><cite>&lt;r12a&gt;</cite> +1</p>
<p id=x205 class=summary>+1</p>
<p id=x206 class=irc><cite>&lt;xfq&gt;</cite> +1</p>
<p id=x207 class=irc><cite>&lt;Jeff_&gt;</cite> +1</p>
<p id=x208 class=irc><cite>&lt;JcK&gt;</cite> +1</p>
<p id=x209 class=irc><cite>&lt;atsushi&gt;</cite> +1</p>
<p id=x211 class=irc><cite>&lt;Bert&gt;</cite> +1</p>
<p id=r01 class=resolution><strong>RESOLUTION:</strong> retire charmod-resid (withdraw from CR, convert to WD, and publish as retired Note)</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t05>AOB?</h3>
<p id=x216 class=summary>next week's telecon canceled</p>
<p id=x218 class=irc><cite>&lt;r12a&gt;</cite> s/&lt;r12a&gt; uhoh//</p>
<p id=x221 class=irc><cite>&lt;r12a&gt;</cite> s/&lt;r12a&gt; Requester provides target URL to initiate T2T//</p>
</section>
</main>

<div id=ResolutionSummary>
<h2>Summary of resolutions</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#r01">retire charmod-resid (withdraw from CR, convert to WD, and publish as retired Note)</a></li>
</ol>
</div>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 108 (Fri Feb 21 15:12:44 2020 UTC).</address>

<div class=diagnostics>
<h2>Diagnostics</h2>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/first doc/first doc, WoT Thing Description/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/better to publish as updated draft/if needed, I can copy the fixed HTML to the www.w3.org server./</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/... would having/sebastian: would having /</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: i|if you go through|-&gt; https://www.w3.org/International/techniques/developing-specs detailed checklist|</p>
<p class=warning>Failed: s/matthias:/sebastian:/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/kaz:/sebastian:/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/iherman@/Ivan Herman/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/dea with/deal with/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/initate/initiate/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/had important/first of all, very sorry as the team contact that we couldn't bring this earlier. there were important/</p>
<p class=warning>Succeeded: s/unicode byte列のデータだけでは＋１/+1/</p>
<p class=warning>Failed: s/&lt;r12a&gt; uhoh//</p>
<p class=warning>Failed: s/&lt;r12a&gt; Requester provides target URL to initiate T2T//</p>
<p class=warning>Maybe present: Explainer, mathias, richard</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
EOF

perl scribe.perl -embed $TMP1 >$TMP2 || exit 1

# Remove version number

fgrep -v 'scribe.perl</a> version' $TMP2 >$TMP3
fgrep -v 'scribe.perl</a> version' $TMP4 >$TMP5

# Compare

diff -u $TMP5 $TMP3
