#!/bin/bash

# Test IRCCloud log format

trap 'rm $TMP1 $TMP2 $TMP3 $TMP4 $TMP5' 0
TMP1=`mktemp /tmp/topics-XXXXXX` || exit 1
TMP2=`mktemp /tmp/topics-XXXXXX` || exit 1
TMP3=`mktemp /tmp/topics-XXXXXX` || exit 1
TMP4=`mktemp /tmp/topics-XXXXXX` || exit 1
TMP5=`mktemp /tmp/topics-XXXXXX` || exit 1

cat >$TMP1 <<'EOF'
#wcag-act
[2020-07-21 17:28:44] → Joined channel #wcag-act
[2020-07-21 18:21:09] ⇐ shadi quit (shadi@815ad96c.team.cloak): "Leaving"
[2020-07-22 08:26:53] → shadi joined (shadi@815ad96c.team.cloak)
[2020-07-22 18:06:29] ⇐ shadi quit (shadi@815ad96c.team.cloak): "Leaving"
[2020-07-23 08:45:53] → shadi joined (shadi@815ad96c.team.cloak)
[2020-07-23 14:57:43] → Wilco joined (~Wilco@ef89345d.public.cloak)
[2020-07-23 14:57:51] → Zakim joined (zakim@815ad96c.team.cloak)
[2020-07-23 14:57:56] <Wilco> zakim, start meeting
[2020-07-23 14:57:56] <Zakim> inviting RRSAgent
[2020-07-23 14:57:56] → RRSAgent joined (rrsagent@815ad96c.team.cloak)
[2020-07-23 14:57:56] <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/07/23-wcag-act-irc
[2020-07-23 14:57:58] <Zakim> RRSAgent, make logs Public
[2020-07-23 14:57:58] <RRSAgent> I have made the request, Zakim
[2020-07-23 14:57:59] <Zakim> Meeting: Accessibility Conformance Testing Teleconference
[2020-07-23 14:58:28] <Wilco> agenda+ Results of CFC
[2020-07-23 14:58:28] — Zakim notes agendum 1 added
[2020-07-23 14:58:39] <Wilco> agenda+ aria-* attribute is defined in WAI-ARIA: https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/93339/ACTARIAAttribute2/results -
[2020-07-23 14:58:39] — Zakim notes agendum 2 added
[2020-07-23 14:58:43] <Wilco> agenda+ iframe element has accessible name: https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/93339/ACTiFrameName/results -
[2020-07-23 14:58:43] — Zakim notes agendum 3 added
[2020-07-23 14:58:51] <Wilco> agenda+ Orientation of page is not restricted using CSS transform:https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/93339/ACTPageOrientation/results -
[2020-07-23 14:58:51] — Zakim notes agendum 4 added
[2020-07-23 14:58:56] <Wilco> agenda+ Proposed solution for: Implementations with mostly "cantTell" results https://github.com/w3c/wcag-act/issues/458#issuecomment-656637063 -
[2020-07-23 14:58:56] — Zakim notes agendum 5 added
[2020-07-23 14:59:13] <Wilco> agenda+ Proposed solution for: Implementations with mostly "cantTell" results https://github.com/w3c/wcag-act/issues/458#issuecomment-656637063 which should be added to our review process: https://github.com/w3c/wcag-act/blob/master/wcag-ruleset-review-process.md#implementations -
[2020-07-23 14:59:13] — Zakim notes agendum 6 added
[2020-07-23 14:59:18] <Wilco> agenda+ Rule tracking table - Revisit list, get status, and update: https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/task-forces/conformance-testing/wiki/Rule_Publication_Tracking -
[2020-07-23 14:59:18] — Zakim notes agendum 7 added
[2020-07-23 15:03:35] → kathyeng joined (~kathyeng@ef89345d.public.cloak)
[2020-07-23 15:06:36] → maryjom joined (~maryjom@ef89345d.public.cloak)
[2020-07-23 15:06:41] <maryjom> present+
[2020-07-23 15:07:22] <Wilco> present+
[2020-07-23 15:07:24] <Wilco> scribe: Wilco
[2020-07-23 15:07:26] <kathyeng> present+
[2020-07-23 15:07:27] <Wilco> zakim, take up next
[2020-07-23 15:07:27] <Zakim> agendum 1. "Results of CFC" taken up [from Wilco]
[2020-07-23 15:07:40] <Wilco> MJM: only positive responses
[2020-07-23 15:08:02] <Wilco> ... will be added to the Queue, have 3 rules now
[2020-07-23 15:08:26] <Wilco> WF: 3 need PRs, 2 other ones
[2020-07-23 15:08:40] <Wilco> MJM: Getting close to enough for AG
[2020-07-23 15:08:59] <Wilco> WF: should talk to AG chairs about when to send them another batch
[2020-07-23 15:09:22] <Wilco> MJM: Next leads meeting on August 5th. Could send then a notice that we've got rules. Will do that
[2020-07-23 15:09:32] <Wilco> zakim, take up next
[2020-07-23 15:09:32] <Zakim> agendum 2. "aria-* attribute is defined in WAI-ARIA: https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/93339/ACTARIAAttribute2/results -" taken up [from Wilco]
[2020-07-23 15:10:31] <Wilco> MJM: 6 responses, only comment is on implementation data
[2020-07-23 15:10:54] <Wilco> ... Charu said rule does not check if the attributes are valid.
[2020-07-23 15:11:47] <Wilco> WF: Handled in another rule. We can link between rules. There is an open issue for this in the CG.
[2020-07-23 15:11:55] <Wilco> ... no composite rule for this needed, IMO
[2020-07-23 15:12:24] <Wilco> ... Open PR / issue has been closed.
[2020-07-23 15:13:03] <Wilco> MJM: There are no other concerns. It is done. I don't think the link between rules should block this rule publication.
[2020-07-23 15:13:27] <Wilco> ... We can send this out for CFC.
[2020-07-23 15:13:41] <Wilco> WF: This doesn't map to WCAG, we may not want to include this rule for AG.
[2020-07-23 15:14:01] <Wilco> ... Suggest we acknowledge it is accepted and then park it
[2020-07-23 15:14:26] <Wilco> MJM: Maybe we can make a tracking table for non-WCAG rules that are complete
[2020-07-23 15:14:54] <Wilco> ... I don't want it to muddy the water. I can create this table.
[2020-07-23 15:15:33] <Wilco> SAZ: I think that would be helpful. There are some talks with Matt King about integrating ARIA rules with some other thing they are working on.
[2020-07-23 15:15:53] <Wilco> MJM: Agreed, there will be a place to publish them associated with ARIA. We may have to come up with a proposal on how to do that.
[2020-07-23 15:16:09] <Wilco> SAZ: This is a discussion happening between EO and ARIA WG. I'll keep ACT in mind with that.
[2020-07-23 15:16:28] <Wilco> zakim, take up next
[2020-07-23 15:16:28] <Zakim> agendum 3. "iframe element has accessible name: https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/93339/ACTiFrameName/results -" taken up [from Wilco]
[2020-07-23 15:16:47] <Wilco> SAZ: Might be that these ARAI rules could go to the ARIA WG instead of AG
[2020-07-23 15:17:16] <Wilco> MJM: Might make sense for other specs like for EPUB
[2020-07-23 15:18:14] <Wilco> MJM: Next one is iframe. There are 4 responses. No new responses. Nothing new to talk about here.
[2020-07-23 15:18:31] <Wilco> ... Will have to prompt people to fill out the survey.
[2020-07-23 15:43:36] <Wilco> zakim, take up next
[2020-07-23 15:43:36] <Zakim> agendum 6. "Proposed solution for: Implementations with mostly "cantTell" results https://github.com/w3c/wcag-act/issues/458#issuecomment-656637063 which should be added to our
[2020-07-23 15:43:40] <Zakim> ... review process: https://github.com/w3c/wcag-act/blob/master/wcag-ruleset-review-process.md#implementations -" taken up [from Wilco]
[2020-07-23 15:43:53] <Wilco> zakim, close item 6
[2020-07-23 15:43:54] <Zakim> agendum 6, Proposed solution for: Implementations with mostly "cantTell" results https://github.com/w3c/wcag-act/issues/458#issuecomment-656637063 which should be added to our
[2020-07-23 15:43:56] <Zakim> ... review process: https://github.com/w3c/wcag-act/blob/master/wcag-ruleset-review-process.md#implementations -, closed
[2020-07-23 15:43:56] <Zakim> I see 1 item remaining on the agenda:
[2020-07-23 15:43:57] <Zakim> 7. Rule tracking table - Revisit list, get status, and update: https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/task-forces/conformance-testing/wiki/Rule_Publication_Tracking - [from Wilco]
[2020-07-23 15:43:58] <Wilco> zakim, take up next
[2020-07-23 15:44:00] <Zakim> agendum 7. "Rule tracking table - Revisit list, get status, and update: https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/task-forces/conformance-testing/wiki/Rule_Publication_Tracking -" taken up [from
[2020-07-23 15:44:00] <Zakim> ... Wilco]
[2020-07-23 15:45:27] <Wilco> MJM: iframe survey is closed
[2020-07-23 15:45:41] <Wilco> ... Will update this as we're talking
[2020-07-23 15:54:14] ⇐ kathyeng quit (~kathyeng@ef89345d.public.cloak): Ping timeout: 180 seconds
[2020-07-23 16:05:45] <Wilco> zakim, end meeting
[2020-07-23 16:05:45] <Zakim> As of this point the attendees have been maryjom, Wilco, kathyeng
[2020-07-23 16:05:46] <Zakim> RRSAgent, please draft minutes
[2020-07-23 16:05:46] <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/07/23-wcag-act-minutes.html Zakim
[2020-07-23 16:05:51] <Zakim> I am happy to have been of service, Wilco; please remember to excuse RRSAgent.  Goodbye
[2020-07-23 16:05:55] ← Zakim left (zakim@815ad96c.team.cloak): 
[2020-07-23 16:12:47] ⇐ Wilco quit (~Wilco@ef89345d.public.cloak): Ping timeout: 180 seconds
[2020-07-23 16:42:05] ⇐ maryjom quit (~maryjom@ef89345d.public.cloak): Ping timeout: 180 seconds
[2020-07-23 18:32:42] — RRSAgent excuses himself; his presence no longer seems to be needed
[2020-07-23 18:32:42] ← RRSAgent left (rrsagent@815ad96c.team.cloak): 
[2020-07-23 19:25:41] ⇐ shadi quit (shadi@815ad96c.team.cloak): "Leaving"
[2020-07-23 20:12:34] → shadi joined (shadi@815ad96c.team.cloak)
[2020-07-27 16:51:25] → shadi_ joined (shadi@815ad96c.team.cloak)
[2020-07-27 16:54:53] ⇐ shadi quit (shadi@815ad96c.team.cloak): Ping timeout: 180 seconds
[2020-07-27 16:55:24] * shadi_ → shadi
EOF

cat >$TMP3 <<'EOF'
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>Accessibility Conformance Testing Teleconference &ndash; 23 July 2020</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>&ndash; DRAFT &ndash;<br>
Accessibility Conformance Testing Teleconference</h1>
<h2>23 July 2020</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/2020/07/23-wcag-act-irc"><img alt="IRC log." title="IRC log" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/text-plain.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>kathyeng, maryjom, Wilco</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>-</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>-</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>Wilco</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#271d">Results of CFC</a></li>
<li><a href="#69b4">aria-* attribute is defined in WAI-ARIA: https://<wbr>www.w3.org/<wbr>2002/<wbr>09/<wbr>wbs/<wbr>93339/<wbr>ACTARIAAttribute2/<wbr>results -</a></li>
<li><a href="#1827">iframe element has accessible name: https://<wbr>www.w3.org/<wbr>2002/<wbr>09/<wbr>wbs/<wbr>93339/<wbr>ACTiFrameName/<wbr>results -</a></li>
<li><a href="#83bd">Rule tracking table - Revisit list, get status, and update: https://<wbr>www.w3.org/<wbr>WAI/<wbr>GL/<wbr>task-forces/<wbr>conformance-testing/<wbr>wiki/<wbr>Rule_Publication_Tracking - Wilco]</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section></section>

<section>
<h3 id=271d>Results of CFC</h3>
<p id=6e07 class="phone s01"><cite>MJM:</cite> only positive responses<br>
<span id=d1f8>… will be added to the Queue, have 3 rules now</span></p>
<p id=38ce class="phone s02"><cite>WF:</cite> 3 need PRs, 2 other ones</p>
<p id=b675 class="phone s01"><cite>MJM:</cite> Getting close to enough for AG</p>
<p id=fbed class="phone s02"><cite>WF:</cite> should talk to AG chairs about when to send them another batch</p>
<p id=72d4 class="phone s01"><cite>MJM:</cite> Next leads meeting on August 5th. Could send then a notice that we've got rules. Will do that</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=69b4>aria-* attribute is defined in WAI-ARIA: <a href="https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/93339/ACTARIAAttribute2/results">https://<wbr>www.w3.org/<wbr>2002/<wbr>09/<wbr>wbs/<wbr>93339/<wbr>ACTARIAAttribute2/<wbr>results</a> -</h3>
<p id=bbdf class="phone s01"><cite>MJM:</cite> 6 responses, only comment is on implementation data<br>
<span id=1427>… Charu said rule does not check if the attributes are valid.</span></p>
<p id=899f class="phone s02"><cite>WF:</cite> Handled in another rule. We can link between rules. There is an open issue for this in the CG.<br>
<span id=721e>… no composite rule for this needed, IMO</span><br>
<span id=67c3>… Open PR / issue has been closed.</span></p>
<p id=1f26 class="phone s01"><cite>MJM:</cite> There are no other concerns. It is done. I don't think the link between rules should block this rule publication.<br>
<span id=9449>… We can send this out for CFC.</span></p>
<p id=3447 class="phone s02"><cite>WF:</cite> This doesn't map to WCAG, we may not want to include this rule for AG.<br>
<span id=e699>… Suggest we acknowledge it is accepted and then park it</span></p>
<p id=381a class="phone s01"><cite>MJM:</cite> Maybe we can make a tracking table for non-WCAG rules that are complete<br>
<span id=169a>… I don't want it to muddy the water. I can create this table.</span></p>
<p id=ffff class="phone s03"><cite>SAZ:</cite> I think that would be helpful. There are some talks with Matt King about integrating ARIA rules with some other thing they are working on.</p>
<p id=97ee class="phone s01"><cite>MJM:</cite> Agreed, there will be a place to publish them associated with ARIA. We may have to come up with a proposal on how to do that.</p>
<p id=d826 class="phone s03"><cite>SAZ:</cite> This is a discussion happening between EO and ARIA WG. I'll keep ACT in mind with that.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=1827>iframe element has accessible name: <a href="https://www.w3.org/2002/09/wbs/93339/ACTiFrameName/results">https://<wbr>www.w3.org/<wbr>2002/<wbr>09/<wbr>wbs/<wbr>93339/<wbr>ACTiFrameName/<wbr>results</a> -</h3>
<p id=923c class="phone s03"><cite>SAZ:</cite> Might be that these ARAI rules could go to the ARIA WG instead of AG</p>
<p id=d59c class="phone s01"><cite>MJM:</cite> Might make sense for other specs like for EPUB</p>
<p id=10000 class="phone s01"><cite>MJM:</cite> Next one is iframe. There are 4 responses. No new responses. Nothing new to talk about here.<br>
<span id=0d8c>… Will have to prompt people to fill out the survey.</span></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=83bd>Rule tracking table - Revisit list, get status, and update: <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/task-forces/conformance-testing/wiki/Rule_Publication_Tracking">https://<wbr>www.w3.org/<wbr>WAI/<wbr>GL/<wbr>task-forces/<wbr>conformance-testing/<wbr>wiki/<wbr>Rule_Publication_Tracking</a> - Wilco]</h3>
<p id=cc0f class="phone s01"><cite>MJM:</cite> iframe survey is closed<br>
<span id=4ce5>… Will update this as we're talking</span></p>
</section>
</main>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 158 (Fri Nov  5 15:28:57 2021 UTC).</address>

<div class=diagnostics>
<h2>Diagnostics</h2>
<p class=warning>Maybe present: MJM, SAZ, WF</p>
<p class=warning>All speakers: MJM, SAZ, WF</p>
<p class=warning>Active on IRC: kathyeng, maryjom, Wilco</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
EOF

perl scribe.perl --embed -scribeonly $TMP1 >$TMP2 || exit 1

# Omit version number:
grep -v version $TMP2 >$TMP4
grep -v version $TMP3 >$TMP5

diff -u $TMP5 $TMP4
