#!/bin/bash

# Test the Quassel copy-paste format, without seconds, with am/pm

trap 'rm $TMP1 $TMP2 $TMP3 $TMP4 $TMP5' 0
TMP1=`mktemp /tmp/topics-XXXXXX` || exit 1
TMP2=`mktemp /tmp/topics-XXXXXX` || exit 1
TMP3=`mktemp /tmp/topics-XXXXXX` || exit 1
TMP4=`mktemp /tmp/topics-XXXXXX` || exit 1
TMP5=`mktemp /tmp/topics-XXXXXX` || exit 1

cat >$TMP1 <<'EOF'
[1:09 am] <-- borisjohn (borisjohn@899c7108.team.cloak) has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[5:02 am] --> borisjohn (borisjohn@899c7108.team.cloak) has joined &fleague
[7:09 am] <-- borisjohn (borisjohn@899c7108.team.cloak) has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[8:50 am] --> raul (raul@899c7108.team.cloak) has joined &fleague
[9:02 am] --> borisjohn (borisjohn@899c7108.team.cloak) has joined &fleague
[9:09 am] <-- borisjohn (borisjohn@899c7108.team.cloak) has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[10:01 am] --> dsr (dsr@899c7108.team.cloak) has joined &fleague
[10:02 am] --> borisjohn (borisjohn@899c7108.team.cloak) has joined &fleague
[11:00 am] -*- kolec still on another call; it may spill a lot
[11:02 am] * zakim has been invited to &fleague
[11:02 am] --> Zakim (zakim@815ad96c.team.cloak) has joined &fleague
[11:02 am] <Gert> zakim, start meeting
[11:02 am] <Zakim> inviting RRSAgent
[11:02 am] --> RRSAgent (rrsagent@815ad96c.team.cloak) has joined &fleague
[11:02 am] <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/04/20-fleague-irc
[11:02 am] <Zakim> RRSAgent, make logs Team
[11:02 am] <Zakim> Meeting: Football League Teleconference
[11:02 am] <RRSAgent> I have made the request, Zakim
[11:04 am] <Gert> agendabot, find agenda
[11:04 am] <agendabot> Gert, OK. This may take a minute...
[11:04 am] <agendabot> agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Team/fleague/2021Apr/0007.html
[11:04 am] <agendabot> clear agenda
[11:04 am] <agendabot> agenda+ Scribe
[11:04 am] -*- Zakim notes agenda cleared
[11:04 am] <agendabot> agenda+ Agenda
[11:04 am] <agendabot> agenda+ Actions
[11:04 am] -*- Zakim notes agendum 1 added
[11:04 am] -*- Zakim notes agendum 2 added
[11:04 am] -*- Zakim notes agendum 3 added
[11:04 am] <agendabot> agenda+ Two minutes round the table
[11:04 am] -*- Zakim notes agendum 4 added
[11:04 am] <Gert> present+
[11:04 am] <agendabot> agenda+ Any topics arising from the two minutes
[11:04 am] -*- Zakim notes agendum 5 added
[11:04 am] <agendabot> agenda+ Future topics or mini-presentations
[11:04 am] -*- Zakim notes agendum 6 added
[11:08 am] --> Amee (amee@899c7108.team.cloak) has joined &fleague
[11:08 am] -*- Amee finds it very messy to each egg sandwiches without the bread `
[11:09 am] -*- Amee peanut butter & honey sandwiches are worse
[11:13 am] <Amee> present+
[11:14 am] <Fleming> present+
[11:15 am] -*- kolec still on another call; will join as soon as possible if not too late
[11:15 am] <Gert> Caitlyn: Extension of last week's 2 minutes, plus completed the paper. REM/XEM work. RADAR: Good call on Friday about a list of sunny needs. Small group, 2 hours, good progress. A bit on ENG interfaces requirements also. Going to work with Victoria on coloring flowers over the coming months.
[11:15 am] <Fleming> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Team/fleague/2021Apr/0010.html
[11:17 am] <Gert> Fleming: Organizing snacks and bottles for costume designer modules.
[11:17 am] <Gert> ... PCM findings, reviewing: editorial issues, inconsistencies
[11:17 am] <Gert> ... Reviewing books that Raul worked on.
[11:18 am] <Gert> Raul: Many small things and meetings.
[11:19 am] <Gert> ... Finding facililatior PCM snack group, processes.
[11:19 am] <Gert> ... Improving products, prettier, adding info.
[11:21 am] <Amee> https://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-choosing-encodings.en
[11:23 am] <Amee> https://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-html-dir.en
[11:23 am] <Gert> Amee: Working on look and feel for i18 articles series. Wanted to use CSS logical properties ('margin-start' instead of 'margin-left', etc.). Is pretty much done for general style and the specific style for rtl. Now looking at merging those styles. And studying language-specific findings for different languages, such as fonts for specific diacritics. Result will look better and probably more accessible, too.
[11:24 am] <Gert> ... Reworking old article ^^
[11:24 am] <Gert> ... Article about direction, I will add text about logical properties.
[11:26 am] <-- borisjohn (borisjohn@899c7108.team.cloak) has quit (Ping timeout: 180 seconds)
[11:31 am] <-- dsr (dsr@899c7108.team.cloak) has quit ("")
[11:32 am] <kolec> present+ Kole
[11:32 am] <kolec> [Kole arrives]
[11:33 am] <kolec> [twig sounds like trick, the way Gert pronounced it!]
[11:37 am] -*- Amee thinks that sounds like writing HTML
[11:40 am] --> borisjohn (borisjohn@899c7108.team.cloak) has joined &fleague
[11:41 am] <kolec> -> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Team/team-reports/2021Apr/0010.html Kole's 2 minutes
[11:41 am] -*- raul thinking about species of developers
[11:42 am] -*- raul if it barks and bites, it is probably HTML :)
[11:43 am] -*- kolec :)
[11:51 am] <-- Amee (amee@899c7108.team.cloak) has left &fleague (Bye.)
[12:18 pm] <Gert> zakim, end meeting
[12:18 pm] <Zakim> As of this point the attendees have been Gert, Amee, Fleming, Kole
[12:18 pm] <Zakim> RRSAgent, please draft minutes v2
[12:18 pm] <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/04/20-fleague-minutes.html Zakim
EOF

cat >$TMP3 <<EOF
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>Football League Teleconference &ndash; 20 April 2021</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>&ndash; DRAFT &ndash;<br>
Football League Teleconference</h1>
<h2>20 April 2021</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Team/fleague/2021Apr/0007.html"><img alt="Agenda." title="Agenda" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/chronometer.png"></a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/2021/04/20-fleague-irc"><img alt="IRC log." title="IRC log" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/text-plain.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>Amee, Fleming, Gert, Kole</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>-</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>-</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>Gert</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section><p id=x020 class="phone s01"><cite>Caitlyn:</cite> Extension of last week's 2 minutes, plus completed the paper. REM/XEM work. RADAR: Good call on Friday about a list of sunny needs. Small group, 2 hours, good progress. A bit on ENG interfaces requirements also. Going to work with Victoria on coloring flowers over the coming months.</p>
<p id=x021 class=irc><cite>&lt;Fleming&gt;</cite> <a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Team/fleague/2021Apr/0010.html">https://<wbr>lists.w3.org/<wbr>Archives/<wbr>Team/<wbr>fleague/<wbr>2021Apr/<wbr>0010.html</a></p>
<p id=x024 class="phone s02"><cite>Fleming:</cite> Organizing snacks and bottles for costume designer modules.<br>
<span id=x025>… PCM findings, reviewing: editorial issues, inconsistencies</span><br>
<span id=x026>… Reviewing books that Raul worked on.</span></p>
<p id=x029 class="phone s03"><cite>Raul:</cite> Many small things and meetings.<br>
<span id=x030>… Finding facililatior PCM snack group, processes.</span><br>
<span id=x031>… Improving products, prettier, adding info.</span></p>
<p id=x032 class=irc><cite>&lt;Amee&gt;</cite> <a href="https://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-choosing-encodings.en">https://<wbr>www.w3.org/<wbr>International/<wbr>questions/<wbr>qa-choosing-encodings.en</a></p>
<p id=x033 class=irc><cite>&lt;Amee&gt;</cite> <a href="https://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-html-dir.en">https://<wbr>www.w3.org/<wbr>International/<wbr>questions/<wbr>qa-html-dir.en</a></p>
<p id=x036 class="phone s04"><cite>Amee:</cite> Working on look and feel for i18 articles series. Wanted to use CSS logical properties ('margin-start' instead of 'margin-left', etc.). Is pretty much done for general style and the specific style for rtl. Now looking at merging those styles. And studying language-specific findings for different languages, such as fonts for specific diacritics. Result will look better and probably more accessible, too.<br>
<span id=x037>… Reworking old article ^^</span><br>
<span id=x038>… Article about direction, I will add text about logical properties.</span></p>
<p id=x040 class=irc><cite>&lt;kolec&gt;</cite> [Kole arrives]</p>
<p id=x041 class=irc><cite>&lt;kolec&gt;</cite> [twig sounds like trick, the way Gert pronounced it!]</p>
<p id=x042 class=irc><cite>&lt;kolec&gt;</cite> <a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Team/team-reports/2021Apr/0010.html">Kole's 2 minutes</a></p>
</section>
</main>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"

<div class=diagnostics>
<h2>Diagnostics</h2>
<p class=warning>No scribenick or scribe found. Guessed: Gert</p>
<p class=warning>Maybe present: Caitlyn, Raul</p>
<p class=warning>All speakers: Amee, Caitlyn, Fleming, Raul</p>
<p class=warning>Active on IRC: Amee, Fleming, Gert, kolec</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
EOF

perl scribe.perl -embed $TMP1 >$TMP2 || exit 1

grep -v version $TMP2 >$TMP4	# Omit version number
grep -v version $TMP3 >$TMP5

diff -u $TMP5 $TMP4
