#!/bin/bash

# Test input copy-pasted from the qwebirc web-based client.

trap 'rm -f $INPUT $OUTPUT1 $OUTPUT2 $EXPECTED1 $EXPECTED2' 0
INPUT=`mktemp /tmp/qwebirc-01-XXXXXX` || exit 1
OUTPUT1=`mktemp /tmp/qwebirc-01-XXXXXX` || exit 1
OUTPUT2=`mktemp /tmp/qwebirc-01-XXXXXX` || exit 1
EXPECTED1=`mktemp /tmp/qwebirc-01-XXXXXX` || exit 1
EXPECTED2=`mktemp /tmp/qwebirc-01-XXXXXX` || exit 1

cat >$INPUT <<'EOF'
[09:59] == Wilco [~Wilco@4a714a7c.public.cloak] has joined #act-r
[09:59] == Zakim [zakim@899c7108.team.cloak] has joined #act-r
[10:00] <Wilco> agenda+ Update from the ACT Task Force   https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OSkPFocXk4K3zYLnwS78WLsWO4PvE5yRcsauyefuIUI/edit?usp=sharing
[10:00] * Zakim notes agendum 1 added
[10:00] <Wilco> agenda+ ACT/Silver workshop Feedback
[10:00] * Zakim notes agendum 2 added
[10:00] <Wilco> agenda+ Assigned issues:   https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/issues?page=1&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen
[10:00] * Zakim notes agendum 3 added
[10:00] <Wilco> agenda+ Change "element with a semantic role of X" to "semantic X"?   https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/issues/1593
[10:00] * Zakim notes agendum 4 added
[10:00] <Wilco> agenda+ Replace the "Each test target" phrase in expectations?   https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/issues/1594
[10:00] * Zakim notes agendum 5 added
[10:00] <Wilco> agenda+ Visible label part of acc name, extra space around numbers   https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/issues/1615
[10:00] * Zakim notes agendum 6 added
[10:01] == Jean-Yves [~Jean-Yves@4a714a7c.public.cloak] has joined #act-r
[10:02] == CarlosD [~carlosd@4a714a7c.public.cloak] has joined #act-r
[10:04] <CarlosD> present+
[10:04] <CarlosD> scribe: CarlosD
[10:05] <Jean-Yves> present+
[10:05] <Wilco> present+
[10:05] <CarlosD> zakim, take up next
[10:05] <Zakim> agendum 1 -- Update from the ACT Task Force   https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OSkPFocXk4K3zYLnwS78WLsWO4PvE5yRcsauyefuIUI/edit?usp=sharing -- taken up [from Wilco]
[10:05] <Daniel> present+
[10:05] == anne_thyme [~anne_thyme@4a714a7c.public.cloak] has joined #act-r
[10:05] == KatrineGregersen [~KatrineGregersen@4a714a7c.public.cloak] has joined #act-r
[10:05] <CarlosD> Wilco: provides update on what the TF has been doing
[10:05] <anne_thyme> present+
[10:06] <KatrineGregersen> Present+
[10:06] <CarlosD> ... there has been a bit of a slowdown because of the meetings with the Silver TF
[10:06] <CarlosD> ... but there is been good progress with a large number of issues being opened
[10:07] <CarlosD> zakim, take up next
[10:07] <Zakim> agendum 2 -- ACT/Silver workshop Feedback -- taken up [from Wilco]
[10:08] <CarlosD> Wilco: there have been 2 calls with the WCAG 3 TF and AG
[10:08] <CarlosD> ... what were your thoughts on the meetings?
[10:09] <CarlosD> anne_thyme: enjoyed the second meeting better than the first
[10:09] <CarlosD> ... pleased with the way things seemed to be going now
[10:10] <CarlosD> Wilco: The firs takeaway is that outcomes need to better defined
[10:11] <CarlosD> ... the second takeaway is that methods can be aligned with ACT rules
[10:11] <CarlosD> CarlosD: I agree with anne_thyme
[10:12] <CarlosD> ... need to try to make sure that methods and outcomes are objective as possible
[10:12] <CarlosD> Daniel: I also agree with anne_thyme and CarlosD
[10:12] <CarlosD> Wilco: the next steps will be to have more joint meetings
[10:13] <CarlosD> ... there is a subgroup from Silver that will work on taking an method and making it more like an ACT rule
[10:13] <CarlosD> ... hopefully people from ACT can join
[10:14] <CarlosD> ... I will join
[10:14] * Daniel needsto  leave for a sec
[11:00] <Wilco> Meeting: ACT-Rules CG 
[11:00] <Wilco> Chair: Wilco
EOF

cat >$EXPECTED1 <<'EOF'
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>ACT-Rules CG &ndash; </title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/assets/logos/w3c-2025/svg/w3c-white.svg" alt=W3C border=0 height=60 width=60></a></p>

<h1>&ndash; DRAFT &ndash;<br>
ACT-Rules CG</h1>
<h2></h2>

<nav id=links>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>anne_thyme, CarlosD, Daniel, Jean-Yves, KatrineGregersen, Wilco</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>-</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>Wilco</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>CarlosD</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#2f69">Update from the ACT Task Force   https://<wbr>docs.google.com/<wbr>spreadsheets/<wbr>d/<wbr>1OSkPFocXk4K3zYLnwS78WLsWO4PvE5yRcsauyefuIUI/<wbr>edit?usp=sharing</a></li>
<li><a href="#3ece">ACT/Silver workshop Feedback</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section></section>

<section>
<h3 id=2f69>Update from the ACT Task Force   <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OSkPFocXk4K3zYLnwS78WLsWO4PvE5yRcsauyefuIUI/edit?usp=sharing">https://<wbr>docs.google.com/<wbr>spreadsheets/<wbr>d/<wbr>1OSkPFocXk4K3zYLnwS78WLsWO4PvE5yRcsauyefuIUI/<wbr>edit?usp=sharing</a></h3>
<p id=b856 class="phone s01"><cite>Wilco:</cite> provides update on what the TF has been doing<br>
<span id=deff>… there has been a bit of a slowdown because of the meetings with the Silver TF</span><br>
<span id=8a06>… but there is been good progress with a large number of issues being opened</span></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=3ece>ACT/Silver workshop Feedback</h3>
<p id=e7f5 class="phone s01"><cite>Wilco:</cite> there have been 2 calls with the WCAG 3 TF and AG<br>
<span id=2ada>… what were your thoughts on the meetings?</span></p>
<p id=357a class="phone s02"><cite>anne_thyme:</cite> enjoyed the second meeting better than the first<br>
<span id=6f3a>… pleased with the way things seemed to be going now</span></p>
<p id=cc02 class="phone s01"><cite>Wilco:</cite> The firs takeaway is that outcomes need to better defined<br>
<span id=d4ff>… the second takeaway is that methods can be aligned with ACT rules</span></p>
<p id=5828 class="phone s03"><cite>CarlosD:</cite> I agree with anne_thyme<br>
<span id=d01d>… need to try to make sure that methods and outcomes are objective as possible</span></p>
<p id=0e6e class="phone s04"><cite>Daniel:</cite> I also agree with anne_thyme and CarlosD</p>
<p id=67bd class="phone s01"><cite>Wilco:</cite> the next steps will be to have more joint meetings<br>
<span id=c8f5>… there is a subgroup from Silver that will work on taking an method and making it more like an ACT rule</span><br>
<span id=fef6>… hopefully people from ACT can join</span><br>
<span id=8b56>… I will join</span></p>
</section>
</main>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 135 (Tue May 25 12:23:05 2021 UTC).</address>

<div class=diagnostics>
<h2>Diagnostics</h2>
<p class=warning>Found no dated URLs. You may need to use 'Date:'.</p>
<p class=warning>All speakers: anne_thyme, CarlosD, Daniel, Wilco</p>
<p class=warning>Active on IRC: anne_thyme, CarlosD, Daniel, Jean-Yves, KatrineGregersen, Wilco</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
EOF

perl scribe.perl -embed $INPUT >$OUTPUT1 || exit 1
grep -v version $OUTPUT1 >$OUTPUT2	# Omit version number
grep -v version $EXPECTED1 >$EXPECTED2
diff -u $EXPECTED2 $OUTPUT2
